Hello everyone.
I’m Robin and welcome to Beginner 2.
Now, Beginner 2 is a little more difficult
than Beginner 1, but that’s ok because my
videos are very useful.
Very helpful.
They are real English.
So be sure to study them all.
Now, I’m going to give you a few tips or
advice on how to study my videos.
The first thing I want to tell you to do…is
to repeat.
Repeat after me.
Everything I say, you should try to follow
me and say it the same speed and same style
as I do.
So, for example, if I say “How are you?”,
you should repeat, “How are you?”.
If I say “What do you do?”, you should
repeat “What do you do?”.
Repeating is very important to improving your
English.
Also, most videos have example sentences,
or example dialogues.
Ok…
These are also very important.
I’m going to teach you a lot of vocabulary
and expressions and the example sentences
and example dialogues will help you understand
how to use them in a sentence.
They’ll also help you with the grammar.
Ok…
So be sure to focus and study, the example
sentences, example dialogues.
Some videos will have a test.
A listening test.
Ok…
Be very serious.
These are important tests.
Ok…
So you should have paper and a pen and when
the test starts, you should listen carefully
and write down the answer.
Now, if the test is going too fast, stop the
video, ok… slow it down to your speed.
But the test is very important to helping
your listening.
Alright…
Now, in the videos, I cannot teach you everything.
I did my best to teach you a lot of information,
but it’s not everything.
Ok…
You’re still going to have a lot of questions…and
you might be confused sometimes.
Ok…
So you have to do a lot of self-study.
After you watch the video, don’t just rush
to the next video.
You should do a little review.
Ok… and self-study.
Self-study is very important.
I can’t do everything for you.
You can’t learn English just by me.
You also have to self-study and practice it.
Alright, and the last thing I want to say
is don’t give up.
Ok…
Now, these videos can be a little difficult,
but don’t give up.
If you don’t understand the video, watch
it again…, but don’t give up.
Keep going.
The only way to improve is if you keep going.
Alright….
And I know, I’m sure, after you watch my
videos, re-watch them twice, your English
will get better.
This is real English, with real expressions.
Ok…
That’s it and I hope you do well.
Good luck.
Hello everyone.
We are going to talk about basic greetings
for when you meet someone you don’t know.
Ok…
Someone you don’t know is called a stranger.
So, when you meet the stranger, what do you
say?
Ok..so these are basic greetings.
So, on the board here, I have the first basic
greeting.
“Hi”.
Ok…this is a very casual greeting when you
meet someone for the first time.
“Hi”.
Very simple.
The second one, “Hello”.
Oh, something wrong with the spelling here.
Be careful with the spelling of “hello”.
Many of my students put the ‘W’.
There is never a ‘w’.
It is only “hello”.
Ok…
Be careful with that.
So, of course, these are the most common greetings:
“hi”, “hello”.
And here are three more greetings.
“Good morning”, “good afternoon”,
and “good evening”.
Alright, so these are the most basic greetings
when you meet the stranger.
And when you say “hi”, they will probably
say the same thing.
“Hi”.
If you say “hello”, they will say the
same thing.
“Hello”.
If you say “good morning”, they will say
the same thing.
“Good morning”.
“Good afternoon”.
“Good evening”.
So, if they say “good evening” to you,
you should answer, ”good evening”.
If they say “good morning” to you, you
should answer “good morning”.
Alright…that’s how we do our basic greetings
with a stranger.
Alright, let’s move on to some more greetings.
Ok…so we’re going to look at two more
greetings.
The next one is “how are you?”.
And this one…”how are you doing?.
Ok…both are very common.
You must know them.
“How are you?”.
“How are you doing?”.
So, someone asks you… these questions.
And you would answer, starting with “I’m”.
Ok…
I am…I’m.
I’m fine.
Ok…
So, I’m fine is the best answer.
It’s the most common answer.
So, you should always try to say, “I’m
fine”.
“How are you?”
“I’m fine.”
There are other answers.
“How are you?”
“I’m great.”
“I’m good.”
“I’m not bad.”
“I’m so so.”
Ok…but be careful with “so so”.
Many of my students say “so so” too much.
ok…
So, the best answer is “I’m fine.”
and sometimes use these.
ok…
Maybe you’re not fine.
So you want to express something bad.
So…
“How are you?”
“I’m bad.”
or…”How are you?”
“I’m not good.”
“How are you doing?”
Alright…
So, someone asks the question, you answer
and the polite thing to do is ask them the
same question.
So, “How are you?”
“I’m fine.”
And then we should use one of these.
Ok…”How are you?”
“I’m fine…..and you?”
ok..your asking them.
“How are you?”
“I’m fine….how about you?”
Ok, these mean the same thing.
So, you can use this one or this one.
Alright…let’s take a look at a few examples…example
dialogues, so we can understand this better.
Alright, let’s look at example dialogue
one.
“Good morning.”
Let’s look at example dialogue two.
“How are you?”
“I’m good.
And you?”
“I’m fine.”
Let’s look at example dialogue three.
“How are you doing?”
“Not bad.
What about you?”
“I’m pretty good.”
Let’s look at example dialogue four.
“Good afternoon.
How are you?”
“Very well thank you.
And you?”
“I’m fine.”
Ok…I hope you have a good understanding
of how to use basic greetings to someone you
don’t know.
It’s easy.
Alright…
Before we go, I want to talk about this expression.
“How are you?”
“I’m fine thank you, and you?”
Of course, every Korean knows this expression.
This is what you were taught in school.
But, of course, this is too common and too
nice; too polite.
So, it’s a little bit funny.
Ok…
So, “How are you?”
“I’m fine thank you, and you?”
Try not to use this.
Ok…
Let’s make it easier.
uhhh, as I said, it’s too nice, so let’s
cut the “thank you”.
Ok…
So, this sounds better already.
This is much better.
“How are you?”
“I’m fine, and you?”
ok…
That’s better than “I’m fine thank you,
and you?”
Alright…
So, that’s basic greetings.
Uhhh, again I hope you understand and I’ll
see you next video.
Hello everyone.
In this video, we’re going to talk about
basic greetings you would use with people
you know.
With your friends.
Ok…
Now, let’s take a look.
I have three here.
Now, we would use these in very casual situations.
ok…
We don’t want to use these in business meetings
or meeting some stranger who’s very important.
You want to use this with.. uhhh.. people
we know.
Very friendly people.
Alright…so the first one is “What’s
up?”
Ok..
So, “What’s up?”
you…”What’s up?”
Ok, don’t look up.
“What’s up?”
common greeting.
“What’s up?” and “What’s new?”
Very similar.
So, if someone asks you “What’s up?”
That’s their…
kind of asking you “What are you doing now?”
Ok..so it could be “Hey, what’s up?”
And you would answer, “Oh, I’m going out
for dinner.”
Ok..so “What’s up?
What are you doing?”
“Hey, what’s up?”
“Uhhh, I’m about to go to a party.”
Ok…
With “What’s new?”
“What’s new?”
uhhhh…. maybe they haven’t see you for
like a week.
Ok, you haven’t met your friend for one
week.
You meet your friend and your friend says,
“Hey, what’s new?”
Ok…
“What’s new?”
“What’s new in your life?”
ok…
“What happened in one week?”
So, someone asks you, “What’s new?”
And you would answer, “Well, I made a new
girlfriend.”
Or…
“I went to a concert last Friday.”
ok…
“So, what’s new with you?”
“Uhhh, I took a trip to Busan over the weekend.”
Ok…so someone asks, “What’s new?”..kind
of what happened in your life…since they
last saw you.
Alright…
And the last one, very friendly expression
here, “How’s it going?”
“How’s it going?”
What is “it”?
Well, “it” is your life.
“How’s your life going?”
Or similar to “How are you?”
“So how’s your life going?”
“Are you doing well?”
Uhh, you would answer, you know, if someone
asks, “How’s it going?”
You would answer, “It’s going great.”
“It’s going well.”
“It’s going fine.”
Ok…
“How’s it going?”
“It’s going wonderful.”
Alright…
So these are the first three.
Let’s take a look at another three.
Alright…so here are three more expressions
you can use when you’re meeting your friend.
Uhhh, the first one…very nice, very polite,
very friendly.
You say, “Good to see you.”
Ok…”Good to see you.”
or “Good to see you, again.”
Ok…so you haven’t seen your friend.
You see your friend.
“Hi, good to see you.”
Ok…that’s very friendly.
Let’s look at the next one.
You meet your friend and your friend asks
you, “How are things?”
“How are things?”
Ok…what are things?
Now, “things”, those are things in your
life.
So, what’s happening in your life?.
“How’s your life?”
Ok…”How are things?”
So, the “How are things?”, you would answer…
“Things are great.”
“Things are good.”
“Things are fine.”
Ok…”How are things?”
“Things are wonderful.”
or…
“Things are bad.”
Ok, so you can express that with “things”…
“How are things?”
“Things are so so.”
And the last one here.
“How’s life?”
“Hey, how’s life?”
“How’s life?”, again very friendly.
Asking about your life is your life good,
or is your life bad?
“How’s life?”
You could say, “Life is good.”
“Life is great.”
or…”Life is terrible.”
Ok… not good.
Ok.. depends on your feeling.
So, these are three more to use with your
friend.
Again, uhhh, not in a business situation,
only with friendly people you know.
Alright, so let’s take a look at some examples
to understand these better.
Alright, so the first example…
“How’s it going?”
“I’m good.
How are you?”
“I’m fine.”
The next example…
“Hey, what’s up?”
“Nothing much.
How’s it going?”
“Fine.”
And the next example.
“How are things with you?”
“Things are great!
And you?”
“I’m pretty good.”
The next example.
“How’s it going?”
“I’m ok.
How about you?”
“I’m pretty good these days.”
And the last example.
“How’s life?”
“Life’s pretty good.
How about you?”
“Me, too.
Things are great.”
“How are you?”
Did you understand my example dialogues?
I hope so.
These are good expressions to use…speaking
in English to your friend.
Alright, you should know them and you should
practice them.
Anyway, that’s it for this video.
See you next time.
Hello everyone.
In this video, we are going to talk about
the basic ways to say, “good-bye.”
Alright…
Now, on the board are the three most common
ways to say, “good-bye.”
You probably already know them.
The first one, “good-bye.”
Usually, we write this with a hyphen.
Ok…
“Good-bye.”
Now, a lot of my students are scared to say,
“good-bye.”
Because they think, “good-bye”, is “good-bye
forever.”
ok…
I’ll never meet you again.
uhhh, or, I’m…I’ll meet you in a very
very long time.
That’s not true.
ok…
“Good-bye” is very common and you can
meet your friend, at the end of the evening,
say, “good-bye.”
And that doesn’t mean “Good-bye forever.”
Ok…
So, don’t be scared to say “Good-bye.”
The next one, of course we shorten it.
Make it short….to “Bye”.
Just “bye”.
Very simple.
Very easy.
Very common.
“Bye”.
Alright…
And, of course, in Korea, they like to say,
“bye, bye”.
ok…
A lot of my students always say “bye, bye”.
“Bye, bye”.
They say it too much.
Alright…
You should say, “bye, bye”, sometimes,
not every time.
ok…
So, try to say “bye” and “good-bye”.
Alright…
So, these three are the most common.
Let’s move on to ‘see you’.
Ok…let’s look at the ‘see you’ expressions.
Now, “see you” is a very useful and excellent
way to say “good-bye.”
Now, of course, you can just say very simple,
“see you”.
ok…
That means “bye”.
You could also say, “see you soon”.
Ok…
“See you soon.”
We’re going to meet soon.
Maybe later today, or tomorrow.
Anyway the time is short; soon.
ok…
“See you soon”.
“See you later”.
Ok…
Now this one is special.
“See you later”.
And many people are confused because, “see
you later”.
What is “later”?
Now, later today?
Tomorrow?
When is later?
“See you later”.
Alright…
Well, sometimes, people say, “see you later”.
That means later today.
Sometimes, they say, “see you later”.
That doesn’t mean later today.
It means just “good-bye”.
Just “bye”.
ok…
So this one can be confusing.
So, when someone says, “see you later”,
probably you’re not going to meet later.
ok…
It’s probably just “bye”.
Alright…the last one here, “see you….”.
You could put any time here.
“See you tonight”.
“See you tomorrow”.
“See you on the weekend”.
“See you on Friday”.
“See you next week”.
ok…
Very useful to tell the person, “good-bye”
and when you will see them next.
Alright…
Let’s move on to a few more examples of
how to say, “good-bye”.
Ok, let’s look at three more here.
This one.
“Cheers”.
Ok, a lot of students are confused because
“cheers” has two meanings.
The first meaning, of course…when you’re
drinking beer and you want to celebrate with
your friends, you hit the glasses…
you say “cheers”.
ok…
But this meaning is different than that “cheers”.
This meaning is just, “bye”.
Ok…
so, “cheers”.
That just means “bye”.
Especially in e-mails.
People write their e-mails…at the bottom,
“cheers”.
Ok…
“Bye”.
The next one, “take care”.
“Take care” is a very sweet and friendly
way to say “good-bye”.
You just say, “take care”.
ok…
A very nice way to say, “good-bye”.
I like it.
“Take care”.
And the last one, “good night”.
Ok…
“Good night”.
You can only use that at night.
Don’t use it in the day.
Only at night.
And usually, late night.
ok…
So, maybe you’re at work, very late, 10
p.m., everyone is going home, “good night”.
ok…
Again, it just means, “bye”.
Alright…
So, these are a few more expressions.
Of course, there’s many many more expressions.
This is just a few.
Anyway, let’s take a look at a few example
dialogues to help you understand how to use
these.
Alright, the first example dialogue.
“Good-bye.”
“ok, see you next time.”
Example dialogue two.
“Take care, Jack.”
“ok, you too, Jill.
Bye.”
Example dialogue three.
“See you later.”
“Cheers.”
And…example dialogue four.
“Have a good night.”
“ok, good night.”
I hope you understand the examples.
Before we go, I want to talk about these words.
Now, these words are not English.
ok…
These are other languages.
But all these words mean the same thing, “good-bye”.
ok…
So, in English, sometimes we borrow words
from other languages and we use them to say
“good-bye”.
Alright…
Now, I’m going to say these words, but I’m
going to say them with English pronunciation.
ok…
So it’s probably not the right pronunciation,
but it’s how we say it in English.
The first word is Italian.
And we’re going to pronounce that as “ciao”.
ok…
So, “ciao”.
So, sometimes we say, “ciao”.
And that just means, “bye”.
The next one, Japanese.
So, with English pronunciation, we say “sainara”.
Ok…
Again, “bye”.
This is Spanish.
“Adios”.
Again, “bye”.
And the last one is French.
“Au revoir.”
“Au revoir.
Just means “bye”.
ok…
So again, sometimes we say these in English
to our friends.
Alright, so that’s how we say “good-bye”
in English.
I hope you understand.
That’s it.
There’s nothing left to say except, “good-bye”.
Hello everyone.
In this video, we’re going to talk about
expressions you use when you haven’t
see someone for a long time.
ok…
So, imagine, you’re walking on the street
and then you see your friend and
you haven’t seen your friend for a long
time.
Maybe, you haven’t seen your friend for
a month…or 6 months…or a year…or 5 years..
or you haven’t seen them for 10 years.
Ok…
You haven’t seen them for a long time.
So what should you say?
Well, first, you should say “hi” or “hello”,
but then…you should use one of these expressions.
Ok…
So the first one, “It’s been a long time”.
“It’s been a long time”.
So you can say, “Hey, Susan, how are you
doing?
It’s been a long time”.
Ok…
So you want to express that you haven’t
seen them for a long time.
The next one.
“It’s been too long”.
“Hey, Jack, how’s it going?
It’s been too long”.
Ok…
We haven’t seen each other for a long time.
“It’s been too long”.
If you see, I have the blue line.
We change this to other time…time expressions.
You could say, “It’s been too long”.
You could say, “It’s been one year”.
“It’s been one year”.
“It’s been ten years”.
“It’s been ages”.
“Hey, Stan, how are you doing?
It’s been ages since we last saw each other.”
So, ’ages’, a long time.
Ok…
And the last one here…
Of course this is the most common one and
the easiest one to use.
“Long time, no see.”
So, “Hey, Jack.
How are you?
Long time, no see”.
Alright…
So, again, all of these mean, I haven’t
seen you in a long time.
Good to use…when you meet your friend you
haven’t seen in a long time.
Alright…let’s move on to a few more expressions.
Ok…Here are two questions to use when you
haven’t seen someone in a long time.
The first one…
“How long has it been?”
Ok…
So, you haven’t met your friend for a long
time, so you say, “Hey, Dave.
How are you doing?
Haven’t see you in a long time.”
And he says, “How long has it been?”
Ok…
So you have to think.
How long have we not seen each other?
So you can say, “It’s been ….two months”.
Ok…
So, we haven’t seen each other for two months.
So, “How long has it been since we last
met?”
Ok…
“It’s been…” and you have to think,
“Uhmm, about 1 year.”
Ok…
The next question.
“What have you been up to?”
Now the “up to” is same as “What have
you been doing?”
Ok…
“Since we last met, what have you been doing?”
ok…
So, maybe you didn’t meet your friend for
1 year.
ok…
So, you want to ask, you know, “how long
has it been?
It’s been 1 year.”
“What have you been up to?”
“What have you been doing for 1 year?”
Ok…
“Well, I’ve been traveling.”
“I’ve been working hard.”
“I’ve been studying English.”
Ok…
So you want to tell what have you been doing
for that time.
Alright…
So these are two useful questions to use when
you haven’t met your friend for a long time.
Let’s take a look at some example dialogues.
Ok, example dialogue one.
“Hi, Susan.
It’s been a long time.”
“Hi, Dave.
Yes, it’s been over 2 years.”
Example two.
“Hello, Mr. Smith.
How long has it been?”
“About 6 months.”
“I’m happy to see you again.”
“Yes, me too.”
Example dialogue three.
“Jessica, long time no see.
“Hi, Jeff.
What have you been up to?”
“Well, I got married and moved to France.”
“Wow, good for you.
I’m so happy to see you again.”
Example four.
“Hey, Paul.
It’s been ages since we last met.”
“Yes, wow, maybe 10 years.”
“It’s been too long.
I missed you.”
Ok, I hoped those dialogues helped you.
I know these expressions are a little bit
difficult..
a little bit big…a little bit complicated,
but these are excellent expressions to use
when you haven’t seen someone for a long
time.
Ok…when you haven’t seen your friend for
a long time.
And, also, in the business situation…
you haven’t seen someone for a long time.
Alright…you should use these.
Well, I hope you can learn them and know them.
Maybe it takes a little more self-study.
Anyway, you can do it.
And I’ll see you next time.
Hello, everyone.
In this video we’re going to talk about
your first meeting with a stranger.
Ok..
A stranger is someone you don’t know.
So, here’s a picture of two people.
They are strangers.
They don’t know each other.
Ok…
So this is their first meeting.
And we have five things we should do in the
first meeting.
Do or say.
Uhh…the first thing.
What’s the first thing we should say at
the first meeting?
Ok..
You meet someone…what’s the first thing
you say…?
Well, it should, of course, be “hi”.
Or “hello”.
“Hi” or “hello”.
And what’s the second thing you should say?
“Nice to meet you”….no!
Ok…
Don’t use “nice to meet you”, second.
Before “nice to meet you”, you should
always ask about their name.
Ok…
You should ask them their name, first.
So, “Hi.
My name is Robin.
What’s your name?”
Alright…
So, after the name, now you can say, “nice
to meet you.”
“Nice to meet you.”
Alright…so, it’s very important to have,
“nice to meet you”, after the name.
Ok…
Meeting someone means you know them.
You know their name.
So, if you put “nice to meet you”, before
the name, it’s very strange.
And many Koreans do this.
They say, “hi, nice to meet you.”
‘We didn’t meet, yet.’
Ok…
So you have to give the name.
“Hi, I’m Robin.
Nice to meet you.”
Alright…
What’s the next thing?
So, this is the greeting.
Ok…
“Hi”, name, “nice to meet you.”
And the next thing…
This is gonna be questions.
So, you’re going to start asking questions
to get to know them.
For example, uhhh…
“Where do you live?”
“Where are you from?”
“What do you do?”
Ok…
You have to start asking questions to know
them better.
And then once you talk… a little while…
The last step of course is “bye”.
“Good-bye.”
“See you later.”
Alright…
So you should follow these steps when you
meet someone, a stranger, for the first time.
“Hello”, ask them their name, “nice
to meet you”, ask some questions, and then,
“bye”.
Ok…that’s the process of meeting a stranger
for the first time.
Alright, let’s take a look at an example
dialogue.
Ok, let’s look at this dialogue.
Two people are talking for the first time.
“Hi.”
“Hello.”
“My name’s Robin.
What’s your name?”
“My name’s Jack.”
“Oh, nice to meet you.”
“Nice to meet you, too.”
“What do you do?”
“I’m a student.
And you?”
“I’m a teacher.”
“Well, I have to go.
See you again.”
“Yes, bye.”
Ok, I hope you understand what to say when
you meet someone for the first time.
Alright…you should follow those five steps.
Say “hello”, ask about the name, then
“nice to meet you.”
Remember, don’t say “nice to meet you”
so fast like, like many of my students.
It sounds very strange.
So after “nice to meet you”, then you
can start asking some questions.
And, of course, the ending is always, “bye”.
Alright… that’s it for this video.
“Bye.”
Hello, in this video we are going to talk
about four essential questions you should
know when you first meet someone.
Ok…
Now, I call them essential questions, cause
essential means very important…you must
know.
Ok…
Now, probably you already know most of them,
but let’s just review them anyways.
Let’s take a look at the first one.
You think it’s very easy, but maybe you’re
using it wrong.
The first question, “What is your name?”.
“What is your name?”
Now, probably when you were young, your English
teacher taught you,
“What is your name?”.
…And that’s fine, but you’re not a child
anymore, you’re an adult.
Ok…
You’ve grown up.
So you shouldn’t say, “What is your name?”
anymore.
Ok…
This sounds childish.
“What is your name?”
Ok…
An adult….we are going to use a contraction.
“What’s”, ok…”What is…”, we’re
going to change it to “What’s”.
“What’s your name?”
Alright…
This is more common.
“What’s your name?”
It’s faster.
Ok, I wrote my name here.
“My name is Robin.”
Again, this is a little bit childish.
“What’s your name?”
“My name is Robin.”
“My name is….”, again… you don’t
want to use this style anymore.
Let’s make a contraction.
Make it faster.
“What’s your name?”
“My name’s Robin.”
“My name’s…….my name’s Robin.”
“What’s your name?”
“My name’s Robin.”
Alright…this is adult style.
Also, for “What’s your name?”, you could
just say, “I’m Robin.”
This is ok, too.
So, “My name’s Robin.
I’m Robin.”…doesn’t matter.
Both are ok.
Let’s move on to the next question.
Ok, the next question.
Very common.
Very easy.
“Where are you from?”
Ok…so say it very fast.
“I from Korea.”
Oh, this is terrible.
So many of my students say, “I from Korea.”
Don’t!
Don’t say “I from Korea.”
Let’s put a line through that.
Bad grammar.
“I from Korea.”…no the correct is, “I’m…..I’m
from Korea.”
I have to hear this ‘m’ sound.
“I’m from Korea.”
Alright…
“Where are you from?”
“I’m from Korea.”
Well, I’m not from Korea.
“I’m from Canada.”
Ok, so make sure you can say this question
very fast.
“Where are you from?”
And make sure you use, ‘I’m’
“I’m from Korea.”
Let’s go to the next question.
“Where do you live?”
That’s our next question.
Don’t say, “Where are you live?”
Ok, that is wrong.
The question is, “Where…
do… you… live?”
“Where do you live?”
Ok, so, “Where do you live?”, ‘live’
is asking where’s your house…your home.
“Where do you live?”
So your answer should have your city or area.
So, “Where do you live?”
First answer here.
“I live Seoul.”
This is wrong!
Ok, bad grammar.
“Where do you live?”
“I live Seoul.”, No!
“I live in…in Seoul.”
You need the preposition ‘in’.
Always.
You always need ‘in’ Seoul.
“Where do you live?”
“I live in Seoul.”
Ok…
Uhhh, the last one here…is a short way.
“Where do you live?”
Ok, you don’t have to say, “I live…”.
You could just start with, “in”.
The preposition ‘in’.
So, “Where do you live?”
“In Seoul.”
Ok…
So, again.
“Where do you live?”
“I live in Seoul.”
“In Seoul.”
Never say this.
Alright…
Let’s move on to the last question.
“What do you do?”
Ok, this is asking about ‘job’.
“What do you do every day for work?”
Ok, “What do you do?”
Now English speakers don’t say, “What…do
…you …do?”
We say it very fast, we say, “What do you
do?”
“What do you do?”
Ok, very difficult to hear.
“Whatdayou…this is whatdayou.
Whatdayou do?”
“Whatdayou do?”
Ok…
So, I ask to my students, “What do you do?”
And a lot of my students say, “I’m student.”
“I’m student.”
This is wrong!
Ok, this is bad grammar!
Don’t use, “I’m student.”
“I’m student.”
“What do you do?”
Don’t use that.
That’s terrible grammar.
You should use this…and take a look.
“I’m ‘a'”.
Ok…
Don’t forget this…’a’
“I’m a…”
It sounds like one word.
“What do you do?”
“I’m a student.”
Ok…
“What do you do?”
“I’m a student.”
The next one.
“an…”
Remember, these words start with vowels.
Vowels, a, e, i, o , u.
And words that start with vowels, we should
use ‘an’.
Ok…
“So, what do you do?”
“I’m an engineer.”
“I’m an office worker.”
Ok…
Alright, so that’s the last question.
“What do you do?”
So let’s review the questions.
The first question.
“What’s your name?”
“My name is Robin.”
Second question.
“Where are you from?”
“I’m from Canada.”
Third question.
“Where do you live?”
“I live in Anyang.”
And the last question.
“What do you do?”
“I’m a teacher.”
Alright…
So, I hope you understand how to say the questions…also
how to answer the questions.
These are very important questions.
You should know them.
That’s it.
See you next video.
Hello again.
In this video, we’re going to look at some
questions to ask someone to know about their
family.
Ok…
Now, remember, asking about family is a very
personal thing.
So, make sure you are very familiar or friendly
with the person before you start asking about
family.
Now, here are the first two questions and
these are good questions to start with.
They are both ‘Do you..?’
questions.
The first one.
“Do you live alone?”
Ok, only one person in the house.
This is a really good question to ask someone.
“Do you live alone?”…because when they
answer…if they answer, “yes”..ohh, then
you know they’re single.
But, if they answer, “no”.
They will probably tell you, “No, I live
with my parents.”
or “No, I live with my husband” or “wife”.
Ok…
So you could learn a lot by asking this question…about
who he lives with or what kind of family he
has.
The second question.
“Do you live with your parents?”
Ok…
Similar style.
“Do you live with your parents?”, and
the person will tell you, “yes” or “no”.
Now, both of these are ‘Do you..?’
questions.
And all ‘Do you..?’
questions…the easiest way to answer is…
“Yes, I do.”
“No, I don’t.”
Ok…very easy answers.
“Do you live alone?”
“Yes, I do.”
“No, I don’t.”
“Do you live with your parents?”
“Yes, I do.”
“No, I don’t.”
Alright…so these are good quick answers,
but these are boring answers.
Ok..
So, these answers are very easy, but probably
if you say, “Yes, I do.”
or “No, I don’t.”, you should also give
more information.
“Do you live alone?”
“No, I don’t.
I live with my parents.”
“Do you live with your parents?”
“Yes, I do.
We live in Chamsil.”
Ok..so, these are good ways to answer quickly,
but you should try to give more information.
Alright, let’s move on to the next questions.
Ok, so the next question is very common and
very important.
This is the question you want to ask to know
about their brothers and sisters.
And here is the question.
“Do you have any brothers or sisters?”
Ok…
Again, it’s a “Do you…?”
question.
So the simple answer is “Yes, I do.”,
“No, I don’t.”
But that’s not enough information.
Ok, so here is the best answer.
“Do you have any brothers or sisters?”
So…”Yes, I have one brother”, “one
sister”, “two bothers”, “two sisters”.
Ok…because it’s two, remember we need
that ‘s’.
“Two brothers.”
“Two sisters.”
“Do you have any brothers or sisters?”
“Yes, I have two sisters.”
Or, you could say, “I have one brother and
two sisters”.
Or “I have one brother and three sisters”.
Ok…but remember the single and the plural.
Alright…
So, this is the best way to answer.
“Yes, I have one brother”.
Some people…uhhh…”no”, ok… you are
single.
You have no brothers or sisters.
“Do you have any brothers or sisters?”
“No, I’m an only child.”
“I’m an only child.”
Ok…
So this is what you would say, in English,
to say that you have no brothers or sisters.
Ok…
Let’s move on to the next questions.
“Are you single?”
“Are you married?”
These our next two questions.
Very important questions to ask someone.
Alright…
So, it’s very important to know if they’re
single or married.
So, again, “Are you single?”
Is that person alone?…only one?
“Are you married?”
“Do you have a husband?”
or “wife?”.
Ok…
Now, they are “Are you…?”
questions, so all “Are you…?”
questions, we have to answer, “Yes, I am.”,
“No, I’m not.”
Ok…
Some people say, “Yes, I’m.”
This is wrong.
You can’t use a contraction here.
It has to be “I am.”
Never say, “Yes, I’m”.
That is wrong.
It is only, “Yes, I am.”
“Yes, I am.”
“No, I’m not.”
Ok, so let’s practice..
fast…speaking fast.
“Are you single?”
“Yes, I am.”
“Are you married?”
“No, I’m not.”
“Are you single?”
“Are you married?”
“Yes, I am.”
Ok…
So those are these two questions.
Let’s move on to the last question.
Ok, we’re at the last question.
“Do you have any children?”
Now, probably, the first question is, “Are
you married?”
“Yes, I am.”
Then you would ask, “Do you have any children?”
“Do you have any children?”
Now this is similar style to, “Do you have
any brothers or sisters?”
“Do you have any brothers or sisters?”
“Do you have any children?”
Same style answer.
“Yes, I have one son.”
“Yes, I have one daughter.”
“Yes, I have two sons.”
“Yes, I have two daughters.”
So, remember, “one son”, “two sons”.
Don’t forget the ‘s’.
“Two sons.”
“Two daughters.”
Of course, you could also say, “Yes, I have
one daughter and one son.”
Or…”I have three daughters and two sons.”
Ok…you can say many things.
uhhh, some people have no children.
So, “Do you have any children?”
“No, I don’t have any, yet.”
Ok, “I don’t have any, yet.”
“Do you have any children?”
“No, I don’t have any, yet.”
Alright…
So this is the question you want to ask about
children.
Alright, so we learned a lot of questions
to ask people about their family.
Remember, these are kind of personal questions,
so make sure it’s ok…make sure you’re
friendly first.
Alright, so, you should practice these questions.
These questions are common and very useful.
That’s it.
See you next video.
Hello everyone.
In this video, we are going to talk about
personal question.
Ok…
Now, you have to be very careful asking someone
personal questions.
Ok, if you ask them too soon…ok…maybe
you don’t know each other very well, yet,
and you ask the questions too soon, they might
be a little bit upset or angry.
You got to be careful asking these questions.
Make sure you’re friendly.
Now, the first one I’m going to start with…
“How old are you?”
Ok…
As we know in Korea…it’s very important
to know about age.
So, when you meet someone for the first time,
uhhh, you want to know their age…how old
they are.
But, again, this is kind of a personal question,
so it shouldn’t be one of the first questions.
Ok…
You should talk a little bit with the person
and then when you feel the time is right,
or it’s ok, then ask this question.
Ok…
Don’t ask this question too soon.
Anyway, let’s take a look at the question.
“How old are you?”
And…some of my students say, “my old is
twenty-two.”
“My old is twenty-two.”
Of course, this is bad grammar.
You cannot say, “my old is twenty-two.”
That’s wrong.
“I’m twenty-two years old.”
Ok, this is a full sentence.
“How old are you?”
“I’m twenty-two years old.”
Uhhh, probably your teacher taught you this
way.
But, this is kind of childish.
“How old are you?”
“I’m twenty-two years old.”
Ok..
As an adult, uhhh, we’re probably going
to say it a little bit quicker.
We’re going to say this:
“How old are you?”
“I’m twenty-two.”
Ok…
So, this is…the best way.
The easiest way… and the most common way.
Ok…
“How old are you?”
“I’m twenty-two.”
Use this.
This is ok, but this is better.
And certainly, never use this.
Alright, let’s move on to the next question.
ok, that’s our next question.
Very personal, private question.
Again, don’t say it too soon.
“Do you have a boyfriend?”
“Do you have a girlfriend?”
Ok…
Depends who you’re talking to.
“Do you have a boyfriend?”
“Do you have a girlfriend?”
Ok, you want to know.
This is a “Do you…?”
question.
“Do you…?”
So the answer’s very easy.
“Yes, I do.”
“No, I don’t.”
“Do you have a boyfriend?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Do you have a girlfriend?”
“Do you have a boyfriend?”
“No, I don’t.”
“Do you have a girlfriend?”
Alright…
Be sure to use ‘a’.
Don’t say, “Do you have boyfriend?”
Ok, this is very important.
“Do you have a boyfriend?”
Alright…
“Do you have a girlfriend?”
“Do you have boyfriend?”
Alright, again…little bit personal question.
Don’t ask it too soon.
Let’s move on to the next question.
The next question is a fun question to ask
someone.
“What’s your blood type?”
“What’s your blood…?”, this is pronounced,
“blood”.
That’s your 비…blood.
“What’s your blood type?”
Ok…
Very easy to answer.
“What’s your blood type?”
“It’s ‘A’.”
“It’s ‘B’.”
“It’s ‘AB’.”
“It’s ‘O’.”
“What’s your blood type?”
Alright…
What do you think my blood type is?
Well, my blood type is…not ‘B’…not
‘A’…not ‘O’.
“It’s ‘AB’.”
Yes, that’s my blood type.
So, I understand ‘AB’ means genius or
psycho…uhhh…hmmm…which one am I?
Well, anyway, it’s a fun question to ask
someone, but make sure you know that person
well.
Last move on to the last question.
Here’s the last question I want to talk
about in this video.
Well, first, look at this question.
“What’s your hobby?”
Ok, that’s an ok question, “What’s your
hobby?”
,but in my opinion, this question is stupid.
Ok, so, I’m going to say that’s a stupid
question to ask.
Don’t ask that question.
“What’s your hobby?”
Instead, this is a better question.
Ok…and this is more common.
“What do you do in your free time?”
Ok, so that’s better than asking, “What’s
your hobby?”
That’s kind of old style.
This is more common.
Better.
“What do you do…?
What do you do…in your free time?”
Alright…
Very easy to answer.
“I like to…”, and then you would put
a verb.
Ok…
“I like to play computer games.”
“I like to shop.”
“I like to exercise.”
“I like to go meet my friends.”
“I like to chat on the internet.”
“I like to drink soju.”
ok…very easy to answer.
“What do you do in your free time?”
“Hey, what do you do in your free time?”
“I like to study English.”
Alright…
So, we learned a few personal questions in
this video.
They’re good questions to ask…to get to
know someone and some of them are very fun.
But, again, they’re personal questions,
so, ahhh, be careful when asking the questions
because the person maybe doesn’t want to
answer these questions.
Alright, so that’s it.
See you next video.
Hello, students.
In this video, we’re going to talk about
“Do you…?”
and “Are you…?”
questions.
Now, “Do you…?”
and “Are you…?”
questions are very useful.
You should know them…because once you know
how to ask questions with “Do you…?”
and “Are you…?”, you can ask many many
questions very quickly.
Let’s look at “Do you…?”
questions first.
And I have two styles here.
The first style, “Do you like…?”
Ok, very simple.
“Do you like…?”
So you would put anything here.
“Do you like Korea?”
“Do you like kimchi?”
“Do you like soju?”
“Do you like ice-cream?”
“Do you like handsome guys?”
“Do you like sexy girls?”
Ok, you can ask so many questions with “Do
you like…?”
The next style.
“Do you like to…?”
Ok…
No, they’re the same, but we’re adding
‘to’.
“Do you like to…?”
Ok, this is…means we’re going to have
some sort of verb.
Some sort of action word.
So for example, “Do you like to ski?”
“Do you like to exercise?”
“Do you like to play computer games?”
“Do you like to drink?”
Ok, they’re many things you could put here.
uhhh, action, something…they’re doing
something.
“Do you like to swim?”
“Do you like to ride a bicycle?”
Alright, that’s “Do you like…?”, “Do
you like to…?”
Very useful for asking question very quickly.
Alright, now if someone asks you these questions.
The “Do you…?”
questions.
With “Do you…?”
questions…very easy answer.
Ok, “Do you like pizza?”
Look down here.
You could say, “Yes, I do.”
or “No, I don’t.”
“Do you like pizza?”
“Yes, I do.”
“No, I don’t.”
Alright…
Very easy to answer.
Ok, so very easy to ask, very easy to answer.
You should know how to ask “Do you…?”
questions.
Let’s move on to the “Are you…?”
Ok, here are the “Are you…?”
questions.
The “Are you…?”
questions are very easy to use and very useful,
also.
Ok, let’s take a look.
So, “Are you hungry?”
“Are you hungry?”
“Are you tired?”
Ok, these two are asking about the condition
of the person.
“Are you hungry?”
“Are you tired?”
“Are you having fun?”
Ok, you want to know how they are feeling..
their condition.
Their body condition.
The next two.
“Are you happy?”
“Are you angry?”
Alright, you’re asking about their emotion…their
feeling.
“Are you happy?”
“Are you angry?”
“Are you scared?”
Alright, you want to know their emotional
feeling.
So, the “Are you…?”
question is very good to know how the person’s
condition.. and how they are feeling.
Alright, if someone asks you…”Are you…?”
question.
This is how you answer.
So, “Are you hungry?”
“Yes, I am.”
“Are you tired?”
“No, I’m not.”
Ok, don’t confuse the “Do you…?”
and “Are you…?”
questions.
Ok, sometimes, uhhh, my students confuse them.
The “Do you…?”
questions, “Yes, I do.”, “No, I don’t.”
The “Are you…?”
questions, “Yes, I am.”, “No, I’m
not.”
Ok, you got to be very careful.
Don’t confuse them.
So, that’s the “Are you…?”
questions.
Uhhh, so the “Do you…?”
and “Are you…?”
questions…very useful to know them right
away because you can ask a lot of questions,
in English, to a native speaker…so many
questions…ok…
So learn them and practice them.
That’s it for this video.
Hello everyone.
In this video, I’m going to talk about how
to introduce your friends.
So you have to introduce one friend to another
friend.
And it’s very easy.
Let’s take a look.
Here is me, Robin.
And I have two friends.
Mike’s a good friend and Sally is also my
friend.
They are my friends.
But, Mike and Sally…they don’t know each
other.
Ok, they are strangers.
So, I have to introduce them.
So, I would probably say, “Mike, let me
introduce my friend.
Mike this is Sally.
Sally this is Mike.”
Ok…
One more time.
“Mike this is Sally.
Sally this is Mike.”
Ok…
I introduced them.
So, once I introduce them, probably they’re
doing to start talking to each other.
They’ll probably say, “Nice to meet you.”,
“Nice to meet you, too.”
And maybe ask some questions.
Ok…
That’s it for introducing a friend.
Let’s take a look at a dialogue, so we understand
it better.
Alright, the first dialogue.
“Hello, June.
Let me introduce my friend.
Steve, this is June.
June, this is Steve.”
“Nice to meet you.”
“Nice to meet you, too.”
The second dialogue.
“Hey, Jack.”
“Hi, Robin.
Who’s this?”
“Oh, let me introduce my friend.
Jack, this is Jessica.
Jessica, this is Jack.”
“Nice to meet you.”
“Nice to meet you, too.”
I hope you understand the dialogue.
Uhhh, it’s very easy to introduce your friend.
And I hope one day, I can introduce you to
my friends and you can introduce me to your
friends.
Ok…
Anyway, that’s it for this video.
See you next video.
Hello everyone.
My name is Robin and welcome to the first
video in the numbers series.
Alright…
Now, what we’re going to talk about English
numbers, today.
And if you already know about English numbers,
that’s ok because this video is an excellent
review.
Ahhh, if you don’t know about English numbers,
it’s time to learn.
Alright…
So, let’s take a look.
The first one here.
“Zero.”
And if you notice next to zero, it has another
name, “oh.”
Now, a lot of native speakers say, “zero”,
but more native speakers will just say, “oh”.
Ok…
So this is very confusing to Korean students…because
when I say, “zero”, X
When I say it as “oh”, many of my students
hear “오”, and they don’t think of
this number…they think of this number…five.
Because in Korean, “오” means five.
Ok…
So you got to be very careful.
In English, “oh” means zero.
Ok…
Let’s move on to the next numbers.
They’re a little bit easier.
Ahhh, listen to my pronunciation of each number.
ok, so the first one.
“One.”
“Two.”
“Three.”
“Four.”
“Five.”
“Six.”
“Seven.”
“Eight.”
“Nine.”
and “Ten.”
Ok, so one more time.
“One.”
“Two.”
“Three.”
“Four.”
“Five.”
“Six.”
“Seven.”
“Eight.”
“Nine.”
“Ten.”
Alright, and don’t forget “zero”, and
“oh”.
Ok…
Let’s move on to the next set of numbers.
Ok, let’s continue on with our numbers.
I have the next set here.
Eleven until twenty.
Alright…
So, “eleven”
“Twelve.”
“Thirteen.”
“Fourteen.”
“Fifteen.”
“Sixteen.”
“Seventeen.”
“Eighteen.”
“Nineteen.”
and “Twenty.”
Now, as you can see, I put the red line here
on these ones cause these are the ‘teens’.
ok…
“Thirteen.”
“Fourteen.”
“Fifteen.”
“Sixteen.”
“Seventeen.”
“Eighteen.”
“Nineteen.”
Alright…
So you got to be very careful with the teens
because look at this.
“Twenty.”
“Teen” and “..ty”, sound very similar.
So, it can be confusing.
So this has to be, “teen.”.. and “..ty.”
So, “Nineteen” and “Twenty.”
Ok, there’s one more problem I want to talk
about.
That is “twelve” and “twenty.”
A lot of my students confuse the numbers twelve
and twenty.
Be very careful.
This is “twelve.”
“Twelve.”
And this is “twenty.”
Don’t confuse those numbers, please.
Alright, let’s go through the pronunciation
one more time.
“Eleven”
“Twelve.”
“Thirteen.”
“Fourteen.”
“Fifteen.”
“Sixteen.”
“Seventeen.”
“Eighteen.”
“Nineteen.”
and “Twenty.”
Ok, let’s move on to some bigger numbers.
Ok, let’s continue with the numbers from
twenty to one hundred.
We’ve already studied twenty.
Well, what comes after twenty?
“Twenty-one.”
And we can see how I spell it, twenty, and
we have to put this.
This is a hyphen.
One.
“Twenty-one.”
And after “Twenty-one.”…
“Twenty-two.”
Again, with the hyphen.
And after “Twenty-two.”…
“Twenty-three.”
“Twenty-four.”
“Twenty-five.”
“Twenty-six.”
“Twenty-seven.”
“Twenty-eight.”
“Twenty-nine.”
“Thirty.”
And then it continues again…
“Thirty-one.”
“Thirty-two.”
“Thirty-three.”
All the way to “forty.”
And then, “forty-one.”
“Forty-two.”
It continues this until “one hundred.”
Ok…
So, let’s just focus on the tens right now.
Now the first two, we already know.
We know “ten” and “twenty”.
Now, let’s take a look at these.
So, of course…
“Thirty.”
“Forty.”
“Fifty.”
“Sixty.”
“Seventy.”
“Eighty.”
“Ninety.”
“One hundred.”
Ok, this is “One hundred”, but it could
also be pronounced, “a hundred.”
Ok…
Both are ok.
Ahhh, I want to talk about “forty” again.
Now the spelling of ‘forty’… a lot of
my students see the ‘four’, so when they
spell ‘forty’, the spell it f-o-u-r-t-y.
This is wrong.
Ok, you have to spell it f-o-r-t-y.
That’s ‘forty’.
Alright…
So, that’s the numbers from ‘twenty’
to ‘one hundred’.
Let’s do some extra pronunciation practice
right now.
Alright, I know you need extra practice with
these numbers.
Ok…
These numbers are difficult and confusing
because they sound very similar.
And a lot of my students have problems pronouncing
these numbers correctly.
…and it makes me confused, sometimes.
Alright…
And I have one story.
Ahhh, a few years ago, I made an appointment,
or actually a date with a girl.
And we were supposed to meet at five-fifty.
That’s what she told me, “Let’s meet
at five-fifty.”
So, I went to the meeting place at five-fifty,
but she wasn’t there.
Ok…
So I waited and waited, she never came.
And then the next time I saw here, I said
to her, “You know, why didn’t you show
up?
I was waiting at five-fifty.”
And she said, “Yeah, I was waiting there,
too, but you never came.”
And I was very confused.
Well, it turns out that she said, “Five-fifteen.”,
but it sounded, to me, like, “five-fifty.”
Ok…
So we were both confused of the time.
While she was there at five-fifteen, I was
there at five-fifty and we never met.
Ok…
So, it’s very important to get the numbers
right…and don’t confuse them.
So, let’s review.
Of course, these are the ‘teens’.
So, this is “Thirteen.”
And this is “Thirty.”
“Thirteen.”
“Thirty.”
“Fourteen.”
“Forty.”
“Fifteen.”
“Fifty.”
“Sixteen.”
“Sixty.”
“Seventeen.”
“Seventy.”
“Eighteen.”
“Eighty.”
“Nineteen.”
“Ninety.”
Ok…
Make sure you get those right and pronounce
them correctly, so you don’t have confusion,
like me.
Alright, ahhh…before we go, we’re going
to do….. a listening test with numbers.
So you should get a pen and some paper…and
listen carefully.
I’m going to say the number.
You should write down the number.
Good luck.
Alright, so for this test, you should have
some paper or something just to write down…what
you hear.
So, I’m going to say a number and you should
think of that number or write that number
down.
Alright, let’s start.
Number one.
The first number is “seven.”
“Seven.”
Ok, that’s easy.
You should have this.
Number two.
“Thirteen.”
Ok, so it’s thirteen.
Number three.
“Seventy-five.”
Ok, so that’s a big number: seventy-five.
Number four.
“Twenty.”
Ok, you should write this: twenty.
And number five.
“Nineteen.”
Ok, looks like this.
And number six.
“Sixty-six.”
Ok, so this is sixty-six.
Number seven.
“Thirty-three.”
Ok, you should write: thirty-three.
Number eight.
“Ninety.”
Ok, so this is ninety.
Number nine.
“Twelve.”
Ok, you should write: twelve.
And the last one.
Listen carefully.
“Twenty-One.”
Alright, so you should write: twenty-one.
I hope you did well on the listening test.
Ok…
So these are the basic numbers from one to
one hundred.
You have to know how to say these numbers…you
should know how to write these numbers.
And I hope this video helps you, but, of course,
this video is not enough.
You have to do self-study and practice these
numbers a lot to make sure you know them well.
Alright…
Well anyway, that’s it for this video.
See you next time.
Ok, hello everyone.
We already practiced the numbers one to one
hundred.
Alright…
Those are the basic numbers.
We’re getting into some more difficult numbers.
Bigger numbers.
Ahhh, don’t be scared.
I will try to explain it as simple as possible.
Please listen carefully and good luck.
Here we go.
So, I wrote the numbers here.
And…let’s start with the first three.
We already know the first three.
“One.”
“Ten.”
“One hundred.”
Ok…
So, that’s the easy part.
Now, it’s going to get a little more confusing.
So I will try to make it simple.
Let’s look at the next number here.
Ahhh, this is “one thousand.”
Ok…
So we have three zeros.
Three zeros.
That is “a thousand.”
And…every three zeros, we usually use a
comma.
So one, comma, three numbers.
Three zeros.
“One thousand.”
So three zeros is a thousand.
Let’s move on to the next number.
We have the three zeros again.
‘Thousand’, we know that’s “a thousand.”
What’s this number?
“Ten.”
“Ten thousand.”
“One thousand.”
Let’s move to the next…
Ok, we know this is ‘thousand’.
“One hundred thousand.”
Ok…
So, “One thousand.”
“Ten thousand.”
“One hundred thousand.”
Let’s move on to a really big number.
Now, the three zeros here…I underlined with
blue.
Cause that’s a ‘thousand’.
But if you look here, these are red.
Cause, they’re not a ‘thousand’ anymore.
We have three zeros and three zeros.
This is now, “a million.”
So if you see six zeros, that’s “a million.”
So, we have “one million.”
Ok…
Let’s move down.
“Ten million.”
Alright…
So, don’t be confused.
Let’s go through this again.
“One.”
“Ten.”
“One hundred.”
“One thousand.”
“Ten thousand.”
“One hundred thousand.”
“One million.”
and “Ten million.”
Ok…
I know it’s difficult.
It take a lot of practice.
So let’s go do some practice right now.
Ok, so I have seven numbers here for us to
practice how to say them.
So, let’s take a look.
The first one.
Very easy.
We have two zeros here.
This is simply, “Five hundred.”
Ok…
Let’s move to number two.
Now, number two, we can see, we have the three
zeros here.
And I told you, that means thousand.
So this is “seven thousand.”
Ok…
Number three.
Again, we have three zeros here.
“Fifteen thousand.”
“Seven thousand.”
Let’s look at the next one.
Three zeros.
We know this is ‘thousand’.
This is “Twenty-five thousand.”
Alright…
Let’s go to a bigger number.
Lots of zeros here.
Ok, so we know this is ‘a thousand’.
And we have more zeros here.
But it’s not three zeros.
So, this is just a thousand and this is two
hundred.
Ok…
“Two hundred thousand.”
Let’s go to a bigger number.
Now we have…three zeros…three zeros.
So, this is no longer ‘thousand’.
This is now, ‘million’.
“Seven million.”
Ok…
Let’s go to a bigger number.
Three zeros.
“Eighteen million.”
Ok, so one more time.
“Five hundred.”
“Seven thousand.”
“Fifteen thousand.”
“Twenty-five thousand.”
“Two hundred thousand.”
“Seven million.”
“Eighteen million.”
Do you understand?
I hope so.
Ahhh, let’s try a test right now.
Alright, so for the test, you should have
maybe a pen and a paper.
That will help you.
There’s ten questions.
Ok…
So, I’m going to say a number.
You have to think of that number and write
down that number.
So, number one.
“Fifteen thousand.”
Ok, so you should have written fifteen thousand.
Alright, number two.
“Eight hundred.”
Ok, so you should write eight hundred.
Number three.
“Seventy-five thousand.”
Ok…
So it looks like this: seventy-five thousand.
Number four.
“Six million.”
Ok, so you should write it like this.
With six zeros.
And number five.
“Six hundred thousand.”
Ok, so six hundred thousand looks like this.
Number six.
“Three thousand.”
Ok, so this is three thousand.
Number seven.
“Nineteen thousand.”
Ok, so this is nineteen thousand.
Number eight.
“Sixty-six thousand.”
Ok, it looks like this.
Number nine.
“Five hundred thousand.”
Ok, it looks like this.
And the last one.
Number ten.
“Twenty-five million.”
Alright, that’s a big number.
It looks like this.
Wwoooo, I know that was a difficult test.
I hope you did well.
Uhh, I know big numbers are very difficult
to say and understand.
It take a lot of practice.
Now I hope this video helps you.
But again, you need a lot of self-study to
truly master these numbers.
Alright…
See you next video.
This video is very very difficult.
This is ‘advanced numbers’.
Ok…
It’s very difficult to understand.
It’s very difficult to express these numbers.
We’re going to talk about very big numbers
and how to say them.
Alright…
Uhhh, try not to be scared.
I will try to teach you as simple as possible.
Again, this video is meant to help you.
You have to do a lot of self-study to truly
master these numbers.
Ok, let’s start with the ‘hundreds’
here.
Now we already know this number.
You should be able to say this number by now.
“One hundred.”
But let’s look at the next…
Ok…
Now this is “one hundred and one.”
Now listen to what I said.
“One hundred and one.”
Do you hear the ‘and’?
Ok…
Now, that’s actually British style.
When British people say numbers, they use
an ‘and’.
So, “One hundred and one.”
But American style is different.
They don’t say “and”.
Ok, so, “One hundred and one.”
American style is “One hundred one.”
No ‘and’.
Ok…
So British style again: “One hundred and
one.”
American style: “One hundred one.”
Now, which style should you use?
Doesn’t matter.
Both are ok.
Everyone will understand you if you use British
style or American style.
British style doesn’t sound strange.
American style doesn’t sound strange.
I come from Canada, so sometimes I use British
style, sometimes I use American style.
So, keep that in mind.
Probably when you’re listening to me, sometimes
I use the ‘and’, sometimes I don’t.
Ok…
So, “One hundred and one” or “one hundred
one.”
Let’s look at the next number.
Ok…
“One hundred fifty” or “one hundred
and fifty.”
Ok…
So, we know this is fifty…”one hundred
fifty.”
Let’s look at the next number.
That’s one.
That’s fifty-one.
“One hundred fifty-one” or “one hundred
and fifty-one.”
Alright…
Let’s look at the next number.
We know this is two.
We know this is ninety-two.
This is “seven hundred ninety-two” or
“seven hundred and ninety-two.”
Alright…
And the last number here.
Well, we know that’s nine.
That’s ninety-nine.
That’s “nine hundred ninety-nine” or
“nine hundred and ninety-nine.”
Alright…
So these are the ‘hundreds’.
Let’s move to bigger numbers.
The ‘thousands’.
Are you read for some bigger number?
I’m sorry, but it’s going to start to
get real difficult.
Ok…
So, let’s take a look here.
Listen carefully.
Our next number…we know this is ‘a’
thousand’.
So this is “one thousand one.”
Ok, “one thousand one.”
If you want to use British style, “one thousand
and one.”
Ok, again, doesn’t matter.
So, ”one thousand one.”
Let’s move up.
So we know this is ‘one hundred’.
And we know this is “one thousand one hundred.”
“One thousand one hundred.”
Ok…
Now, let’s move to the the third number
here.
A little more confusing.
We got lost of numbers.
Ok, don’t be so scared.
We know that’s ‘four’.
We know that’s ‘twenty-four’.
We know that’s ‘three hundred and twenty-four’.
And then we got the ‘thousands’.
So, “seven thousand three hundred twenty-four.”
“Seven thousand three hundred twenty-four.”
Let’s move on to the next number.
‘Five’, ‘fifty-five’, ‘five hundred
fifty-five’, “ten thousand five hundred
fifty-five.”
Ok…
Let’s move on.
‘Four’, ‘twenty-four’, ‘three hundred
and twenty-four’, “seventeen thousand
three hundred and twenty-four.”
Let’s move on.
Bigger number here.
‘Six’, ‘sixty-six’, ‘six hundred
and sixty-six’, “one hundred and fifty-two
thousand six hundred and sixty-six.”
Ok, let’s review these numbers again.
“One thousand one.”
“One thousand one hundred.”
“Seven thousand three hundred twenty-four.”
“Ten thousand five hundred fifty-five.”
“Seventeen thousand three hundred and twenty-four.”
“One hundred and fifty-two thousand six
hundred and sixty-six.”
Ok…
You ready for some more.
Let’s go to some even bigger numbers.
You’re still watching this video?
Ahhh, that’s too bad because I have something
very scary to show you.
Chuuuuuu….
Alright, so here are some very very big numbers.
And let’s try to say them.
Uhhh, the first one.
Alright, we have three and three.
So, we know this is ‘million’.
So this is going to be “six million eight.”
Ok, very simple.
That’s an eight.
“Six million eight.”
Let’s move on to the next one.
Alright, so if we take….we also know this
is ‘million’.
But if we just start here.
How much is that?
Well, that’s ‘five hundred thousand’.
So how much is that?
Well that’s “five million five hundred
thousand”.
Alright…
Let’s get to a… very big and confusing
number.
Even confusing to me.
But let’s try it together.
Ahhh, again we have three and three.
We know this is ‘million’.
We know this is ‘thirteen million’.
Ahhh, but, we have to say all of these numbers.
Ok, so let’s start slow.
That’s ‘two’, ‘thirty-two’, ‘four
hundred thirty-two’.
Well that’s a zero, but that’s…oh, we’re
going into a ..oh…it’s getting very confusing
now.
This would be ‘twenty thousand four hundred
thirty-two’.
‘Six hundred and twenty thousand four hundred
and thirty-two’.
“Thirteen million six hundred and twenty
thousand four hundred and thirty-two.”
Whew, big number.
Let’s move on.
I’m scared myself.
Alright, again, we have three and three.
I know this is ‘million’.
I know this is a ‘twenty-four million’.
What are all these numbers?
‘Two’.
‘Thirty-two’.
‘Four hundred and thirty-two’.
‘Eight thousand four hundred and thirty-two’.
‘Forty-eight thousand four hundred and thirty-two’.
‘Five hundred and forty-eight thousand four
hundred and thirty-two’.
And our final number, “twenty-four million
five hundred and forty-eight thousand four
hundred and thirty-two.”
“Twenty-four million five hundred and forty-eight
thousand four hundred and thirty-two.”
The last one here.
A really really big number.
Ok…
So, again, ‘seven’.
‘Forty-seven’.
‘Nine hundred and forty-seven’.
‘Two thousand nine hundred forty-seven’.
‘Four hundred and thirty-two thousand nine
hundred and forty-seven’.
And…
what’s this?
Again, this is three, three.
This is a ‘million’.
So this is, “One hundred and twenty-five
million four hundred and thirty-two thousand
nine hundred and forty-seven.”
“One hundred and twenty-five million four
hundred and thirty-two thousand nine hundred
and forty-seven.”
Ok, do you understand all these numbers?
If you do, that’s great.
Ahhh, but before we do a test, we’re going
to do a little extra practice.
Ok, so let’s just review a little bit.
I have five numbers here, just for a quick
review….before the test.
Ok…
So, the first one.
How much is this?
Well, ‘four’, ‘forty-four’, “four
hundred forty-four.”
And again, we can use the ‘and’.
“Four hundred ‘and’ forty-four.”
That’s possible.
Uhhh, the next number.
Ok, we know three zeros…or three numbers
here.
This is ‘thousand’.
So, “eight thousand nine hundred forty-two.”
The next number.
Ok.. lots of numbers…ahhh….
We know it’s ‘thousand’.
“Fifty-five thousand five hundred forty-three.”
Bigger number.
Lots of sevens.
But don’t be scared of all these sevens.
So, again it’s just ‘thousand’.
So, “two hundred and seventy-seven thousand
seven hundred seventy-seven.”
“Two hundred and seventy-seven thousand
Alright, and let’s go to the ‘millions’.
Three, three.
I know this is a ‘million’.
Cause it has two commas.
So, “three million three hundred and twenty
thousand three hundred and twenty-one.
Alright…
So, if you can understand how to say these
five, you’re ready for the test.
So, we’re going to start the test.
You should prepare some paper and a pen.
Ahhh, I’m going to say the numbers and you
should write down the numbers.
Alright…
So let’s start the test.
Good luck.
Number one.
“Six hundred sixty-six.”
Alright, so you should write this.
Number two.
“Three thousand two hundred twelve.”
Ok, so you should write this.
The next number.
Number three.
“Six thousand four hundred thirty-two.”
Alright, so you should write this.
Number four.
Getting bigger.
“Twelve thousand eight hundred fourteen.”
Alright, so it looks like this.
Number five.
“Twenty-two thousand four hundred thirty-two.”
Ok, looks like this.
Number six.
“Seventy-nine thousand five hundred twenty-one.”
Alright, looks like this.
Number seven.
“Four hundred and thirty-two thousand nine
hundred eighty-seven.”
“Four hundred thirty-two thousand nine hundred
eighty-seven.”
Ok, looks like this.
Number eight.
“Two million three hundred and forty-three
thousand nine hundred eighty-two.”
Oh…very big number.
Ok, it looks like this.
Number nine.
“Fifty-four million five hundred and forty-three
thousand nine hundred eighty-seven.”
Ok, so that looks like this.
Number ten.
The last one.
Ok, the last one’s very difficult.
Sorry.
Ok…
Listen carefully.
“Eleven million one hundred eleven thousand
one hundred eleven.”
Ok, so that looks like this.
Uhhh, this is a very difficult video.
Uhhh.
Well, that’s English numbers.
Those are the advanced numbers.
Uhhh, I hope you did well on the test.
I know it was a very difficult test and it
takes a long long to master the numbers you
saw today.
Alright…
Takes a lot of self-study.
A lot of practice.
But never give up…ahhh, you can do it.
I believe in you.
Well, that’s it for this video.
See you next time.
Hello, everyone.
This is an advanced numbers video.
I’m going to teach how to express some advanced
numbers.
Let’s take a look.
Alright, we know this is expressed, “nine
hundred”.
And let’s go to the next one.
Now, I taught you before this is expressed
“one thousand”.
Ok…
Now, “one thousand” is the best way to
express it.
But, it is possible to express it “ten hundred”.
Ok…
Next one.
“One thousand one hundred.”
That’s the best way.
But, some people will say “eleven hundred”.
“Twelve hundred.”
“Thirteen hundred.”
“Fourteen hundred.”
“Twenty hundred.”
“Twenty-one hundred.”
“Ninety-nine hundred.”
Ok, this is only “ten thousand one hundred.”
Ok…
This can be “ninety-nine hundred”, but
when you’re getting into bigger…bigger
numbers, you have to stop saying “hundred”
and change to ‘thousands’.
Ok…
So you can say “hundred” between these
numbers.
Alright, so from “one hundred, two hundred,
three hundred, four hundred, five hundred,”
all the way up to “ten hundred, twenty hundred,”
ahhh up…until “ninety-nine hundred ninety-nine”.
So you can see this number is already past
that number.
So the hundreds stop.
Alright, this is a little bit confusing, I
know.
Let’s do a little bit of practice.
Ok, so I wrote a few more example to help
you understand how to express these numbers
using ‘hundred’.
Alright…
So again, this is our range.
We can only say “hundred” with these numbers.
So the first one.
The best way is “one thousand seven hundred”,
but you can express it “seventeen hundred”.
Next one.
“One thousand seven hundred one.”
Or…
“Seventeen hundred one.”
“Seventy-five hundred.”
“Seventy-five hundred twenty-one.”
“Ninety-two hundred twelve.”
and the last one.
Ok, the last one is outside.
Ok…
It’s continuing.
It’s too big.
We have to use ‘thousand’, so this has
to be “eleven thousand one hundred.”
Ok…
You can’t say, “a hundred and eleven hundred.”
Ok, it has to be “eleven thousand one hundred.”
Alright, I hope this helps you understand
a little better how to express in ‘hundreds’.
But, as your teacher, I prefer if you say
“one thousand seven hundred”.
To use it that way.
But I have to teach you the other way because
somebody might say to you “seventeen hundred”,
so you should be able to understand.
Alright…
So that’s it.
See you next video.
Hello, everyone.
In this video, we are going to talk about
ordinal numbers.
Now, ordinal numbers are different than cardinal
numbers.
Of course cardinal numbers are numbers like
one two three four five.
Ordinal numbers are different.
Ordinal numbers are used for expressing things
like rank.
First, second, third place… uhhh… in a
contest.
Or they’re used to express anniversaries.
For example, “This is my third wedding anniversary.”
And it’s also used commonly in the calendar
for dates.
For example, “June first,” ahhh, “June
second.”
Ok…
So this where we use ordinal numbers.
So, in this video, I’m going to teach you
how to write ordinal numbers and also pronounce
them correctly.
Ok…
So, we’re going to look at the first ten.
I have the first ten here.
So let’s go through them very quickly.
This is “first”…and if you notice the
last two letters…I underline in blue.
Ok…
The last two letters are very important.
So, if you see first, the last two letters
are ‘s-t’.
So when we want to write an ordinal number,
we have number one, we must use the last two
letters.
The last two letters are ‘s-t’.
So this is our ordinal number.
We should write ‘s-t’.
Ok…
So this, ”first” and now we write it like
this.
“First.”
And the ‘s-t’ is usually up.
Ok…
Let’s move on to “second”.
‘Second’ we see that it is ‘n-d’.
So the last two letters of ‘second’, ‘n-d’.
‘Two’, we have to put ‘n-d’.
Alright…
So now this is “second”.
“First.”
“Second.”
“Third.”
The last two letters, ‘r-d’.
So, we have to go over here…’r-d’.
“Third.”
“Fourth.”
‘t-h’…..’t-h’.
“Fifth.”
‘Five’ and again, ‘t-h’.
“Sixth.”
‘t-h’.
“Seventh.”
“Eighth.”
‘t-h’.
“Ninth.”
“Tenth.”
‘t-h’.
Ok, so you can see most of them use the ‘t-h’.
Just the “first, second, third”, ‘s-t’,
‘n-d’, ‘r-d’.
You have to be very careful.
Alright…
Look at these numbers over here.
I wrote some numbers, circled in red.
‘Three’ and ‘t-h’.
“Threeth.”
Ok, this is a common mistake.
This is obviously wrong because ‘three’
only has ‘r-d’.
You have to use these two letters.
This is impossible.
Ok…
So, “threeth”, impossible.
Next one.
“Sic…sic…sicond.”
Again, that is impossible cause “sixth”,
“sixth” must have ‘t-h’.
So this is impossible.
And the last one.
“Ninst.”
Well, “ninth.”
“Ninth” must have ‘t-h’.
So, these are impossible.
So you have to be very careful writing these
numbers.
They must use the last two letters.
Ok…
Let’s worry about pronunciation right now.
Pronunciation can be a little bit difficult,
also.
So let’s go through the list.
And you should watch me and listen carefully.
So, “first.”
“Second.”
“Third.”
“Fourth.”
Ok, when I say “Fourth”, look at my tongue.
My tongue comes out.
“Fourth.”
“Fifth.”
“Sixth.”
“Seventh.”
“Eighth.”
“Ninth.”
“Tenth.”
Ok…
So, the ‘t-h’, your tongue should be coming
out.
Let’s do the ‘t-h’ again.
“Fourth.”
“Fifth.”
“Sixth.”
“Seventh.”
“Eighth.”
“Ninth.”
“Tenth.”
Ok…
So these are the first ten.
You should know these.
Let’s move on to some bigger numbers.
Alright, let’s continue with our ordinal
numbers.
The next, after ‘tenth’, is “eleventh”.
We see the ‘t-h’ and the ‘t-h’ goes
there.
“Eleventh”.
And the next one.”
“Twelfth.”
‘t-h’
And the next one.
I did not write the next ones here, but I
will say them, so listen carefully.
So, “eleventh”.
“Twelfth.”
“Thirteenth.”
“Fourteenth.”
“Fifteenth.”
“Sixteenth.”
“Seventeenth.”
“Eighteenth.”
“Nineteenth.”
“Twentieth.”
Alright, let’s look at ‘twentieth’.
Ok…
So, it’s ‘twenty’.
‘Twenty’ has a ‘y’, but you can they
take out the ‘y’, they put in an ‘i-e-t-h’.
This is “twentieth”.
And we would write it with a ‘t-h’.
‘Twenty’ with a ‘t-h’.
“Twentieth.”
Alright, so with the pronunciation, “Twenty,
Twentieth.”
“Twentieth.”
After ‘twentieth’, “Twenty-first.”
Ok, “Twenty-first.”
And we would write ‘twenty-one’ with the
‘s-t’.
This is “Twenty-first.”
And again, I did not write the next ones here,
but listen carefully.
So, “Twentieth.”
“Twenty-first.”
“Twenty-second.”
“Twenty-third.”
“Twenty-fourth.”
“Twenty-fifth.”
“Twenty-sixth.”
“Twenty-seventh.”
“Twenty-eighth.”
“Twenty-ninth.”
“Thirtieth.”
And again, like ‘twentieth’, ‘thirtieth’,
no ‘y’ just ‘i-e-t-h’.
“Thirtieth.”
Alright…
And I also want to talk about the pronunciation
of “twelfth”.
‘Twelfth’ is very difficult to pronounce.
If you look at it here, you see that ‘f’.
And many students try to pronounce it with
the ‘f’.
“Twelfth.”
Ok, that’s very difficult.
But what is actually more common, even with
native speakers, is we don’t pronounce the
‘f’.
We just skip it.
So, for example, if we cut that ‘f’.
Imagine it is not there.
“Twelth.”
Ok, that’s a little bit easier.
You can just say “Twelth”.
“Twelth.”
Ok…
So again, “Twelfth”.
“Twentieth.”
Ok, be sure to pronounce those correctly.
Let’s move on to some bigger number.
Ok, so I am sorry because I cannot write every
ordinal number.
Ok…
I cannot explain every number.
So, you’re going to have to practice guessing
what is the ordinal number.
And I put some numbers here and we’re going
to guess whether they use ‘s-t’, ‘n-d’,
‘r-d’ or ‘t-h’.
Ok…
We only have four choices.
The first number is “fifty-six”.
So if we want to change that to an ordinal
number, we have to choose one of these.
Ok…
So, “fifty-six”.
Well, we know ‘six’ is…’six’ is
‘t-h’.
“Sixth.”
And it’s going to be the same.
“Fifty-sixth.”
So, I’m going to write a ‘t-h’ there.
Let’s move on to the next number.
“Ninety-one.”
Well, what’s the ordinal number?
“Ninety-oneth?”
No.
This is going to be like ‘twenty-first’
and ‘thirty-first’.
This is going to be “ninety-first”.
Alright, the next one is “one hundred”.
So, we have to choose one of these.
“One hundredst?”
“One hundrednd?”
“One hundredrd?”
“One hundredth?”
Ok, it’s going to be the ‘t-h’.
“One hundredth.”
Alright…
And the next number.
“One oh one.
One hundred one.”
Well, this is like “ninety-first.”
This is “first” again.
“First.”
So, it’s going to be “One hundred and
first.
One hundred first.”
Alright…
And the last one.
“One thousand.”
We have to choose one.
Well, “One hundredth.
One thousandth.”
Ok, it’s going to be the same.
Alright…
So again, I’m sorry I can’t teach every
number.
Your going to have to learn how to guess correctly.
Ahhh, we’re going to do a quick test…right
now.
So what I want you to do in the test is write
down or think about what the correct ordinal
number is.
Again, just write in the ordinal number.
Number one.
“It is September twentieth.”
Alright, so you should’ve written ‘twentieth’.
Number two.
“Seoul National university is ranked first.”
Alright, so you should’ve written ‘first’.
Number three.
“We live in the twenty-first century.”
Ok, so you should write ‘twenty-first’.
Number four.
“I was born on March seventeenth.”
Ok, you should write ‘seventeenth’.
And number five.
“We are celebrating our twelfth wedding
anniversary.”
Ok, so you should’ve written ‘twelfth’.
Ok, I hope you did well on that little test.
Ok…
Now, ordinal numbers are important.
Again, they’re used for ranking and they’re
used for the calendar, and also anniversaries.
Also, sometimes, you see book volumes use
ordinal numbers.
Ok, so you should know ordinal numbers.
Now, it takes a lot of practice and self-study
to truly truly master ordinal numbers.
I hope this video helped you understand them
a little bit better.
And, well, that’s it.
See you next time.
Hello, everyone.
In this video, we’re going to talk about
fractions.
Ok…
Now fractions are a little bit difficult to
express in English.
So I hope this video will help you understand
how to express them in English.
Ok…
So, I wrote a few fractions here.
Of course, this is not all the possible fractions.
This is just a few to help you understand
how to express fractions.
Ok…
So these are fractions.
And it doesn’t matter.
The line is this way or this way.
Alright, so I’m going to go through the
first one here.
And this is probably the most common fraction.
Ok, so we express this as “one half” or
“a half”.
Ok…
So as I said, it’s very common “half”.
The next one…is, uhhh, “one third”.
“One third.”
Alright, do you remember the ordinal numbers
we studied in the previous video?
The ordinal numbers are “first, second,
third”.
Well you have to use those here.
So this is “one-three.”?
No.
This is “One-third.”
So, “A half.”
“One-third.”
And the next one is also very common.
It’s a very common fraction.
“One-fourth.”
No.
It has a special name.
If you see this, this is “one-quarter”
or “a quarter”.
Ok…
So, “A half, one-third, a quarter.”
The next line.
Now, we have “one-third” and you see “two-third”?
Well, ‘one’ is single.
It’s only one.
But two is plural.
So, we don’t say “two-third”.
We have to say “two-thirds”.
Ok, we have to add an ‘s’ at the end.
So, “one-third….two-thirds.”
Alright, and let’s go on to the next one.
So, “two-fifths.”
“Two-fifths.”
Alright…
The next line, I’m starting with three and,
oh, we have the four.
So this is, uhhh, ‘one-quarter’.
This is “three-quarters”.
Ok…
This has an ‘s’.
This has no ‘s’ cause it’s singular.
“One-quarter.”
“Three- quarters.”
Ok…
What’s this?
“Three-sevenths.”
Ok…
They’re very difficult to pronounce.
I know.
Takes a lot of practice.
“Three-sevenths.”
Alright…
The last line.
What’s this?
“Five-sixths.”
Ok, this is very difficult to pronounce.
And the last one.
Ok, sometimes fractions are expressed with
a ‘whole’ number.
So we would say, “two and nine-tenths”.
Ok…
“Two and nine-tenths.”
So you would have to put an ‘and’ in there.
Alright…
So, uhhh, I hope this helps you understand
how to express fractions.
Uhhh, let’s do a little bit more practice
with our listening.
Alright, so here’s a couple of example sentences.
Ahhh, the first one.
“Four-fifths or Canadians speak English.”
Alright, let’s look at number two.
“One-third of Korean men smoke.”
Alright, number three.
“I went to a quarter of my English classes.”
And the last example.
“My shoe size is ten and a half.”
Alright, so that’s fractions.
I know, uhhh, it’s a little confusing and
difficult, but I’m sure, with some self-study,
and practice, you’ll know it very well.
Ok…
See you next video.
Hello, everyone.
In this video, we are going to talk about
speed.
Ok…
Now, there’ two ways to express speed.
There’s..uhhh..the Metric System.
Now, the Metric System, that’s what we use
in Korea and that’s what I use in Canada.
But, there’s also the Imperial System.
The Imperial System you might see in the U.S.A.
or even England.
Ok…
But first, let’s look at the Metric System.
Alright, so I’m just going to focus on ‘k-m-h’.
And ‘k-m-h’, of course, is “kilometers
per hour”.
“kilometers per hour.”
Notice I emphasize the ‘s’.
Ok, you always have to express the ‘s’.
“Kilometers.”
“kilometers per hour.”
Alright, so I just have two examples here
cause it’s quite easy.
What is this speed?
Well, “Six kilometers per hour.”
Ok, there’s no ‘s’ here, but you…again,
you always have to say the ‘s’.
“Six kilometers per hour.”
And the next speed.
“One hundred twenty-five kilometers per
hour.”
Ok, let’s say it a little faster.
“Six kilometers per hour.”
“One hundred twenty-five kilometers per
hour.”
Ok, you hear the ‘s’?
“Six kilometers per hour.”
Ok, it’s very difficult, but it’s there.
“One hundred twenty-five kilometers per
hour.”
Alright, so I’ve been using the pronunciation
of “kilometers”, but some people might
say “kilometers”.
Ok, so both pronunciations are acceptable.
“Kilometers” and “kilometers”.
But more common is “kilometers”.
Ok…
So, let’s look at a few example sentences.
Alright, I have three examples here.
The first one.
“The speed limit is one hundred kilometers
per hour.”
The second example.
“The KTX travels three hundred kilometers
per hour.”
And the last example.
“The average walking speed is five kilometers
per hour.”
Ok, let’s talk about the Imperial System.
Again, the Imperial System is commonly used
in America, or you might see it in England,
too.
They’re going to use ‘m-p-h’.
Now ‘m-p-h’, of course, “miles per hour”.
Again, we have to say “miles per hour”.
“Miles per hour.”
And “one mile per hour” is equal to, about
“one point six kilometers per hour”.
Ok…
So again, this is the Imperial System.
This is the Metric System.
Little bit different.
Ok…
So let’s practice expressing these two.
The first one.
“Ten miles per hour.”
I’ll say it a little faster.
Ok, again, there’s the ‘s’.
“Ten miles per hour.”
And the next one.
“Two hundred and one miles per hour.”
Be sure to have that ‘s’.
Ok, that’s one of the most common mistakes…uhm…my
students make.
They say, “mile per hour.”
“Ten mile per hour.”
Ok, you have to have that ‘s’.
“Two hundred and one miles per hour.”
Alright…
Let’s look at a few examples using ‘miles
per hour’.
The first one.
“The car was going one hundred miles per
hour.”
Ok, the second example.
“The airplane travels six hundred miles
per hour.”
And the last example.
“The speed of sound is seven hundred and
sixty-one miles per hour.”
Alright, so we learned the Metric System using
‘kilometers per hour’.
And we learned the Imperial System using ‘miles
per hour’.
So again…uhhh.. depends where you are in
the world.
Ahh, some countries…actually most countries
use the Metric System these days, but probably,
certainly if you’re in the U.S.A., they’re
still using the Imperial System.
Alright…
So, that’s it.
I hope you’ve learned how to express speed.
And..uhh, see you next time.
Hello, everyone.
In this video we are going to talk about ‘height’,
Ok…and how to express it in English.
Now, there are two systems…uhhh…to express
‘height’.
The first system is the Metric System.
The Metric System… used in Korea.
Also, Canada, where I’m from.
And the other system is the Imperial System.
The Imperial System used in…especially in
America, but sometimes we also use it in Canada.
So, it’s good…you should know the Metric
System, of course, but you should know a little
bit of the Imperial System, in case you need
to use it.
Alright…
Now, first, we’re going to talk about the
Metric System.
So, take a look.
And I have two questions here.
So, let’s just look at the first one.
The first one is asking “How tall are you?”.
“How tall are you?”
Ok…
So, I put my height.
So, “I’m one hundred and eighty-three
centimeters tall.”
So, listen again.
“I’m one hundred eighty-three centimeters
tall.”
“I’m one hundred eighty-three centimeters…
“Centimeters…tall”
Ok, there’s no ‘s’ here, but when you’re
reading this, you’re reading…or you’re
saying your height.
You have to use the plural, “centimeters”.
“Centimeters.”
Ok…
“I’m one hundred eighty-three centimeters…
tall.”
Don’t say, don’t say, ”I’m one hundred
eighty-three centimeter… tall.”
“One hundred eighty-three centimeters…tall”
Ok…got it?
You understand?
Alright, let’s look at the next question.
Ok, both questions are asking the same thing,
about height.
“What’s your height?”
Well, “My height is…”, again, “…one
hundred eighty-three centimeters…centimeters”,
remember the ‘s’.
“One hundred eighty-three centimeters.”
So, that’s one way to express it, but I
also have an example using ‘meters’.
So, “My height is one point eight three
meters.”
So, if your using ‘centimeters’ or ‘meters’,
both of them need the ‘s’.
Ok…
So, one more time.
I’ll say it really fast.
“How tall are you?”
“I’m one hundred and eighty-three centimeters
tall.”
“What’s your height?”
“My height is one hundred and eighty-three
centimeters.”
“My height is one point eighty-three meters.”
Ok, so let’s look at a few more examples.
Alright, let’s start with the first example.
“He is one hundred and seventy-five centimeters
tall.”
“The sixty-three floor building is two hundred
and forty-nine meters high.”
Ok, we use ‘tall’ for people, but for
building we would probably use ‘high’
So…
“The sixty-three floor building is two hundred
and forty-nine meters high.”
The last example.
“The height of Mount Everest is eight thousand
eight hundred and forty-eight meters.”
Alright, let’s look at the Imperial System
now.
The Imperial System is a little more confusing.
Ahhh, so you should…ahhh.. listen carefully.
I have the same question.
“How tall are you?”
But the answer is expressed very differently.
So, “How tall are you?”
“I’m…” this is “…six feet tall”.
“I’m six feet tall.”
Alright, so in the Metric System, “I’m
one hundred eighty-three centimeters tall.”
Well in the Imperial System, I would express
that, “I’m six feet tall.”
So let’s take a look at the Imperial System.
They use ‘inches’ and ‘feet’.
Ok…
So one inch…is equal to two point five four
centimeters.
And one foot…is equal to thirty point four
eight centimeters.
Alright, so, look at this.
“One foot.”
They say “one foot”.
“Two foot?”
No.
“One foot.”
“Two feet.”
“Three feet.”
“I am six feet.”
Ok…
So the singular is ‘foot’, for one, but
the plural is ‘feet’.
Alright…
So, they’re going to show their height like
this.
And how do we read this?
Well, this is “five feet”.
The first number is ‘feet’.
“Five feet”.
They’re going to put this.
“Seven inches.”
Ok, so this person is “five feet seven inches”.
Now if you look at mine, I’m “six feet
zero inches”.
“Zero inches.”
Ok, but this is the inch place, so “five
feet seven inches”.
And they write it like this.
Ok…
Let’s look at a few more examples of the
imperial system.
Alright, so here’s the first example.
“The Empire State Building rises to one
thousand two hundred and fifty feet.”
The next example.
“My mom is five foot two inches tall.”
The last example.
“The basketball player is seven feet two
inches tall.”
Alright, so, now we know how to express…uhh..
height in the Metric System and the Imperial
System.
Ok…
Again, probably in Korea, we’re just going
to use the Metric System.
But if you’re talking to an American, they
might only understand the Imperial System.
Ok, so you should know how to express your
height both ways.
So, again, “I’m one hundred eighty-three
centimeters tall.”
Or…
“My height is one hundred eighty-three centimeters.”
But I could also express that, “I’m…ahh…
six feet tall.”
Alright…
That’s height.
And see you next time.
Hello, everyone.
In this video, we’re going to talk about
a very sensitive topic; weight…or how much
you weigh.
Alright…
Again, there’s two systems.
There’s the Metric System using kilograms.
And there’s the Imperial System that they
will use in the U.S.A. using pounds.
But first, let’s look at the Metric System…using
kilograms.
Ok…
So, there’s two questions again.
The most common questions to ask someone about
their weight.
So let’s look at the first question.
The first question, “How much do you weigh?”
“How much do you weigh?”
Now, notice I don’t put “weight”.
Ok…
‘Weigh’ is a verb and ‘weight’ is
a noun.
This questions, we have to use ‘weigh’.
“How much do you weigh?”
And your answer.
“I weigh seventy-five kilograms.”
Ok, that’s my weight.
Now listen.
I say “Seventy-five kilograms.”
“Kilograms.”
Don’t forget the ‘s’ at the end.
“I weigh seventy-five kilograms.”
Let’s look at this answer.
“I weight seventy-five kilograms.”
Ok, you see this ‘x’?
That means it’s wrong.
Ok, never say, “I weight…”
This is wrong.
It’s “I weigh…”
“I weigh…”
“I weight seventy-five kilograms.”
Ok, so this is wrong.
Do not say this.
Let’s move on to the next question.
“What’s your weight?”
Ok, now it’s using the noun form.
“My weight is seventy-five kilograms.”
Ok…
Again, “My weigh…My weigh…is seventy-five
kilograms.”
‘X’ again.
Don’t use that.
“What’s your weight?”
“My weight is seventy-five kilograms.”
Don’t use this.
Ok, it’s a little bit confusing.
Especially the ‘weigh’ and the ‘weight’.
Takes a lot of practice.
Ok, I’m going to say these again, really
fast.
So, listen carefully.
“How much do you weigh?”
“I weigh seventy-five kilograms.”
“What’s your weight?”
“My weight is seventy-five kilograms.”
Ok, let’s look at a few example sentences.
Alright, the first example sentence…
“I gained fifteen kilograms over the summer.”
The next one.
“I’m fat.
I weigh one hundred kilograms.”
And the last one.
“I need to lose forty kilograms.”
Ok, let’s talk about the Imperial System,
now.
So, remember, the Metric System uses kilograms
and grams.
The Imperial System…it’s going to use
ounces and pounds.
Ok…
So, let’s take a look.
Here’s my question, again.
“How much do you weigh?”
And before, I…
I said, “I weigh seventy-five kilograms.”
Well, in the Imperial System, “I weight
one hundred and sixty-five pound.”
This means ‘pounds’.
Ok, so let’s take a look at the two systems.
So, again, we use.. in the Metric, ‘grams’,
they’re going to use ‘ounce’.
So one ounce is about…about twenty-eight
grams.
Ok…
And one pound is about point four five kilograms.
So, these are not exact numbers, it’s just
‘around’.
Ok…
Now, how to write one pound…
This is “one pound”.
Ok…
This is not a ‘one’.
This is actually an ‘l’.
‘l-b’
One ‘l-b’.
That means “one pound”.
Now ‘pound’ starts with ‘p’.
So, why do they write ‘l-b’?
Well ‘l-b’ is actually from old latin.
It comes from a latin term; libra pondo.
But, don’t worry about the latin term.
That’s very old, but still, these days,
we use ‘l-b’.
That just means ‘pound’.
So, “one pound.”
Ok, this is single, ‘one’.
Now we got two.
“Pounds.”
We usually write the ‘s’.
‘l-b-s’.
“One pound.”
“Two pounds.”
For the ‘ounces’.
‘One’ ‘oh’ ‘zee’.
Ok, ‘one’ ‘oh’ ‘zee’.
“One ounce.”
“Two ounce.”
It’s always ‘oh’ ‘zee’
Sometimes you’re going to see ‘one’
‘f-l-o-z’.
Now, the ‘f-l’ means ‘fluid’.
Fluid is like a liquid.
Like water.
“Fluid…ounce”
And you’re always going to see this on stuff
like perfume or cologne.
Ahhh…if you check your perfume or cologne
at home, I’m sure you’re going to see
this.
Ahhh…you’re not going to see the ‘one’.
It’s going to be a bigger number, but you’re
going to see the ‘f-l-o-z’.
Alright, so that’s the Imperial System.
It’s an older system.
It’s a little more complicated and confusing.
Alright…
But my weight in the Imperial System is “a
hundred and sixty-five pound.”
Let’s take a look at a few more examples
of how to express weight in the Imperial System.
Alright, the first example…
“A baby weighs nine pounds at birth.”
The next example.
“The fattest cat in the world weighs forty
pounds.”
The last example.
“His weight is a hundred pounds.”
“How much do you weigh?”
Ok, that’s a very serious and private question.
Ok, so, if you don’t want to answer that
question, maybe you should say, “no comment”.
Anyway, we learned how to express weight in
the Metric System.
“I weigh seventy-five kilograms.”
And the Imperial System.
“I weigh a hundred and sixty-five pounds.”
Ahhh, of course, the Metric System is easier
than the Imperial System.
To know and study.
But, you should be familiar with both systems.
Alright, so that’s it and I’ll see you
next video.
Whew….ahhh, it’s sure hot in this studio.
And it sounds like a good time to talk about
temperature.
So, that’s what we’re going to do in this
video.
We’re going to talk about how to express
‘temperature’ in English.
Now, you should know there’s two systems.
There’s the American system.
They use ‘Fahrenheit’.
And, of course, there’s the system we use
in Korea and I use in Canada; ‘Celsius’.
Ok, we’re going to talk about the Fahrenheit
System, later, but first, let’s focus on
‘Celsius’.
So, look at the board.
And…I’m going to start with this question.
“What’s the temperature?”
“What’s the temperature outside?”
You should begin your answer with “It’s”.
Ok, “What’s the temperature?”
“It’s…”, and I have many ways to express
the temperature.
Let’s start up here.
So, “What’s the temperature?”
“It’s…”, this symbol means ‘plus’.
Ok…
“Plus.”
This means it is above zero degrees.
Ok, it’s warm.
“It’s plus twenty degrees…”
Ok, this symbol always means ‘degrees’.
“…Celsius.”
“Celsius.”
Ok…
It’s very difficult to say.
“Celsius.”
‘Celsius’ is spelled with a capital ‘c’.
Big ‘c’.
Be careful here.
Many people write a ‘c’.
This is an ‘s’.
Ok…
So, “What’s the temperature?”
“It’s plus twenty degrees celsius.”
Ok, that’s a good way to express the temperature.
Now, the ‘plus’…some people say ‘plus’,
but you don’t have to say ‘plus’.
Ok, you can just say, “What’s the temperature?”
“It’s twenty degrees Celsius.”
It means the same thing.
Let’s move down here.
The next one.
“What’s the temperature?”
“It’s twenty degrees centigrade.”
“Centigrade?”
What is that?
Well, ‘Celsius’ and ‘Centigrade’…these
are the same temperatures.
Ok, just ‘Centigrade’ is the old English
style.
Ok…
So, actually, I don’t want you to say “Centigrade”.
I want you to only use “Celsius”.
But I’m teaching you might hear ‘Centigrade’.
Some older people might say “Centigrade”.
Ok, so you hear “Centigrade”, but you
speak only “Celsius”.
Alright…
Let’s move to the next one.
Ahhh, “What’s the temperature?”
“It’s twenty degrees ‘c’.”
Ok, some people are going to shorten ‘Celsius’
to just ‘c’.
“It’s twenty degrees ‘c’.”
And, actually, more common…we can shorten
that more and cut that.
And this is the most common way to express
the temperature.
“What’s the temperature?”
“It’s twenty degrees.”
Ok…
So when people say, “It’s twenty degrees.”
I know it’s ‘celsius’.
And I know it’s ‘plus’.
Ok…
This one…ahhh…
“What’s the temperature?”
“It’s twenty above.”
“Twenty above.”
Ok, so ‘zero degrees’….and twenty above.
“Twenty degrees above zero.”
So, “What’s the temperature?”
“It’s twenty above.”
This.
They’re all the same temperature.
Ok…
“Zero degrees.”
Freezing.
We’re getting cold.
Let’s go down here.
“What’s the temperature?”
“It’s twenty below.”
Ok, so this is ‘above’ zero.
And this is below ‘zero degrees’.
So, ‘zero’, going down…cold.
“It’s twenty below.”
Very cold.
Let’s move to the last one.
“What’s the temperature?”
“It’s…”, this symbol is ‘minus’.
This is ‘plus’.
This is ‘minus’.
‘Minus’ is very scary cause it’s freezing.
It’s cold.
“It’s minus twenty degrees celsius.”
If you told me that “It’s minus twenty
degrees Celsius outside,” I do not want
to go outside.
That’s very cold.
So, “What’s the temperature?”
“It’s twenty degrees.”
“What’s the temperature?”
“It’s minus twenty degrees.”
Ok, those are the best ways to express it.
Alright, so I hope you understand how to express
‘Celsius’.
Ahhh, let’s look at a few more examples.
Alright, the first example…
“The temperature outside is fifteen degrees
Celsius.”
The next example.
“Water freezes at zero degrees ‘c’.”
And the last example.
“It’s cold outside.
It’s about three degrees below zero.”
Now, we’re going to talk about what they
use in America.
In the U.S.A.
They don’t use ‘Celsius’.
They use Fahrenheit.”
Ok…
So, same question.
“What’s the temperature?”
“What’s the temperature outside?”
“It’s sixty-eight degrees…,” that’s
the same, “f”.
Instead of ‘c’, they’re going to use
an ‘f’.
And that’s “Sixty-eight degrees…”,
this is the spelling, oh it’s very difficult
to spell, even for me.
“Fahrenheit”.
Ok, we pronounce that “Fahrenheit”.
So, “Twenty-degrees Celsius,” is the same
as “Sixty-eight degrees Fahrenheit”.
Ok…
And you should also know…freezing…the
freezing temperature.
“Zero degrees Celsius,” is the same as
“Thirty-two degrees Fahrenheit”.
Alright, so if you go to the U.S.A., and you’re
watching TV, all the weather, everything,
they’re always using Fahrenheit.
And it can be very confusing.
So, I would say, try to remember this.
So, you can kind of guess how hot it is.
Alright, let’s look at a few examples of
Fahrenheit.
The first example…
“A human’s body temperature is usually
ninety-eight point six degrees Fahrenheit.”
The second example…
“Room temperature is about seventy degrees
Fahrenheit.”
And the last example…
“Water freezes at thirty-two degrees.”
Alright, so there you go.
There’s the Celsius System and the Fahrenheit
System.
Ahhh, they’re very very different and they
can be very confusing.
Alright, so, if you’re going to the U.S.A.,
you should try to…ahh…learn the Fahrenheit
System.
Anyway, I hope you understood what I was trying
to teach you today..ahhh..
That’s it.
See you next time.
Hello, everyone.
In this video, I’m going to talk about roman
numerals.
So, roman numerals are letters that mean numbers.
Roman numerals are not so common, but you
can see them every day.
Ok, so especially, on a clock or a watch.
They often use roman numerals.
Ahhh.. in.. on book volumes and chapters of
books, they use roman numerals…
ahhh.. a lot of the time.
The Olympics usually express the year in roman
numerals.
Ok, so you will see roman numerals, so you
should know, at least the first ten.
Ok…
Now, let’s take a look here.
I wrote the first ten.
And you can see the first one, ‘I’.
Now, ‘I’ is written like this and this
means ‘one’.
And the second one is ‘I-I’; ‘two’.
The third one.
‘I-I-I’; ‘three’.
So, one two and three.. so those are the very…the
easiest ones.
Ok, after that, it gets a little more difficult.
So, one two three.
And the next one is ‘four’.
And it looks like this ‘I-V’.
Now what is ‘V’?
Well, quickly, let’s go to ‘five’.
And you can see ‘V’ is ‘five’.
Alright, ‘V’ is ‘five’.
So, let’s go back.
‘V’
We know this is ‘five’.
And ‘I’.
So ‘I’ is ‘one’.
So ‘I’ is one before ‘five’.
And that’s ‘four’.
Ok…
So one…one number before five is four.
And then ‘five’.
Let’s go to the next side.
Six seven eight nine ten.
Now, if you notice…I…I wrote them a little
bit different.
Let’s go down here first.
Now you can write the roman numeral two styles.
One style is with a line at the top and the
bottom.
And another style, there’s no line.
Ok, this and this mean the same thing.
So this is ‘one’ and this is ‘one’.
You can see that again with ‘five’.
So you can write it with the lines at the
top and the ‘V’.
Or…no lines, just ‘V’.
Again, they mean the same thing.
So this side, I wrote the lines.
This side, I didn’t write the lines.
Doesn’t matter.
Alright…
So let’s continue.
This was ‘four’.
This was ‘five’.
“Six.”
Now ‘six’, ‘V’ and ‘I’.
So ‘V’ we know is ‘five’.
‘I’ we know is ‘one’.
So, ‘five’ and ‘one’ is ‘six’.
So, you notice, ‘I-V’.
‘One’ before ‘five’.
‘Four’.
‘V-I’.
‘Six’.
‘V-I-I’.
‘Seven’.
‘V-I-I-I’.
‘Eight’.
So, five six seven eight.
Alright, then it gets complicated again.
‘I-X’ is ‘nine’.
Ok, so ‘X’, ‘X’ is ‘ten’.
Ok…
So like ‘four’.
‘One’ before ‘five’ is ‘four’.
One number before ‘ten’ is ‘nine’.
‘I-X’ that means ‘nine’.
And, of course, ‘ten’ is ‘X’.
Alright…let’s move on to some bigger roman
numerals.
Now, I told you.. ahh..
‘X’ is ‘ten’.
Now, ‘X’ and ‘I’.
So ‘ten’ and ‘one’.
That’s ‘eleven’.
‘X-I-I’.
That’s ‘twelve’.
Alright…
So up until ‘twelve’ are the most common
roman numerals cause those are the ones on
the clock.
‘One’ to ‘twelve’.
So you should really know ‘One’ to ‘twelve’.
Ok…
Now, the next ones are not so common.
You rarely rarely see them.
But let’s continue anyways.
So after ‘twelve’, we’re going to jump
to ‘twenty’.
And ‘twenty’ is ‘X-X’.
So, ten ten.
Ten ten means twenty.
‘X-X-V’.
We know ‘V’ is ‘five’.
‘Twenty-five’.
Ok, let’s jump more.
‘X-X’ is ‘twenty’.
‘X-X-X’.
‘Thirty’.
And then the next one.
‘X-L’
‘X-L’ is ‘forty’.
Well, what is ‘L’?
‘L’ is ‘fifty’.
So, ‘X’ is ‘ten’.
Again, ten before fifty.
So, ten before fifty is ‘forty’.
So this means ‘forty’.
Ten before fifty.
‘L’ is ‘fifty’.
‘L-I’.
‘Fifty-one’.
‘X-C’ is ‘ninety’.
Well, what is ‘C’?
‘C’ is ‘one hundred’.
So, ‘X’ is ten before one hundred.
So, ten before one hundred is ‘ninety’.
And of course, ‘C’, ‘one hundred’.
Ok, so again, these ones are not so common.
So, you don’t have to worry about this so
much.
But anyway, let’s continue to some bigger
roman numerals
Ok, so here are some bigger roman numerals.
Now, we know ‘C’ is ‘one hundred’.
Let’s go to this one.
‘C-D’.
‘C-D’ is ‘four hundred’.
Well, what is ‘D’?
‘D’ is ‘five hundred’.
So, ‘C-D’ means one hundred before five
hundred.
So, that is ‘four hundred’.
‘Five hundred’
‘M’.
‘M’ is the last letter we use in roman
numerals.
‘M’ is ‘one thousand’.
ok…
‘M-D’.
Well, ‘D’ is ‘five hundred’.
‘M’ is ‘one thousand’, so ‘one thousand
five hundred”.
‘M-D’.
And the last one here.
A really big number.
‘M-D-C-C-C’.
Ok, so one thousand five hundred…and one
hundred, two hundred, three hundred…the
total here is eighteen hundred.
Ok…
So that…that’s roman numerals.
Let’s do a little more practice.
Ok, let’s do a little practice together.
I know it’s difficult.
So let’s take a look at these letters.
‘L-X-V’.
What is that?
Well, we know ‘L’ is ‘fifty’.
Oh, but it’s followed by ‘X’.
So, ‘fifty’ and ‘X’ is ‘ten’,
so fifty plus ten is ‘sixty’.
And ‘V’.
What is ‘V’?
‘V’ is ‘five’.
So, fifty plus ten is sixty plus ‘V’ is
five.
So, this….’sixty-five’.
Alright, the next one.
‘X-X-I-X’.
Hmmm…
Well, we know ‘X’ is ‘ten’.
And ‘X-X’, ‘ten’, ‘ten’.
‘Twenty’.
And ‘one’.
“Twenty-one’.
‘X’.
Ohhh…this is confusing.
Ahhh…first we have to look at these.
Ok, what is this number?
‘I-X’?
Well, ‘I-X’ is…uhhh…’nine’.
One before ‘X’ is ‘nine’.
So, ‘X-X’ is ‘twenty’ and ‘nine’.
So, ‘twenty-nine’.
‘C-V’.
Well, ‘C’…
What’s ‘C’?
That’s a hundred.
And what’s ‘V’?
That’s five.
So, a hundred plus five.
‘C-V’.
‘A hundred and five’.
Next one.
‘C-C-D’.
Well, ‘C’ is ‘a hundred’.
And, ‘C-C’ that’s ‘two hundred’.
And what was ‘D’?
‘D’ was ‘five hundred’.
So, ‘C-C-D’.
That’s ‘two hundred’ before ‘five
hundred’.
‘Two hundred’ before ‘five hundred’.
That must be ‘three hundred’.
Ahhh…ok, but ‘C-C-D’, I tricked you.
‘C-C-D’ is impossible.
‘Three hundred’ can only be ‘C-C-C’.
Alright…
‘C-C-D’ that is impossible.
That is wrong.
You can only write ‘three hundred’ as
‘C-C-D’…or ‘C-C-C’.
You cannot write it ‘C-C-D’.
Alright, the last one.
‘M-M-X-I-I’.
‘M’.
‘One thousand’.
Two ‘M’s, ‘two thousand’.
‘X’.
‘Ten’.
‘I-I’
‘Twelve’.
So, this going to be ‘two thousand’.
We know that.
‘X-I-I’, that’s ‘twelve’.
Oops.
Put them together.
That is a year.
‘Two thousand twelve’.
It is written ‘M-M-X-I-I’.
Alright, so that’s roman numerals.
Again, you only need to know, probably ‘one’
to ‘twelve’.
Those are the most common.
Ahhh… probably, you’ll never have to worry
about these roman numerals in your life.
Ok, but this is just for fun, so you know.
Alright, that’s it.
See you next time.
Hello, everyone.
In this video, we are going to talk about
how to express your phone number.
Alright…
So, here’s the question.
“What’s your phone number?”
Very important question.
And the first number I wrote here is very
big.
Ok…
It has many parts.
So, let’s look at the first part.
The first part here is called your ‘country
code’.
Ok…
So, the country code of Korea is ‘eighty-two’.
So if someone is calling from another country,
they have to put your country code ‘eighty-two’.
Ahhh… in Canada and the U.S.A., the country
code is ‘one’.
The next is the ‘area code’.
Now, in Korea I don’t think there’s an
area code ‘fifty-seven’.
But, there….Seoul has an area code of ‘zero
two’.
And I think Busan… the area code of Busan
is ‘five one’.
So if your calling to a specific city, you
should put the area code.
Alright…
And then, the number.
So to express numbers, you just say the number.
So this is, “eight-two, five-seven, two-five-three,
six-one-two-one”.
Ok, very express a number.
Let’s look at a mobile phone number.
This is “zero-one-seven”.
I don’t want you to call real phone numbers.
So this is just example phone numbers.
So we would express, “zero-one-seven”.
“Zero-one-seven.”
Now if you remember, “zero”, we can also
express as “oh”.
So, “zero-one-seven.”
Or…
“Oh-one-seven.”
Both are ok.
And again, you have to be very careful with
“oh” because “oh” sounds like five
in Korean.
Alright, so, if someone says “oh”, don’t
write down ‘five’; write down ‘zero’.
Ok, so, “Zero-one-seven, three-four-four-two,
four-six-six-six.”
Ok, that’s the phone number.
“Zero-one-seven, three-four-four-two, four-six-six-six.”
Ok, now there’s and easier way that a native
speaker would express this number.
If you look here.
There are two ‘fours’.
Ok…
So a native speaker…ahh… well they might
say, “three-four-four-two”.
That’s fine.
But another way…
“Three…” and we would say, “double
four”.
Cause there’s two ‘fours’.
That’s double.
So “three- double four-two.”
Ok, so that’s another way to express that
number.
And if you look over here.
Ahh…”four-six-six-six.”
That’s fine to express the number that way.
But if you see three ‘sixes’, that’s
triple, so you could say, “four- triple
six”.
Ok, so, “What’s your phone number?”
“Zero-one-seven, three- double four, two-four-
triple six”.
Ok, that’s another way to express that number.
Let’s move on to the last one.
The last one is a nightmare…because it has
‘five’ and ‘oh’.
Many ‘fives’ and ‘oh’ to get confused.
Don’t get confused.
So, this number…
“Oh-one-seven, five-oh-five-oh, oh-five-five-oh.”
Ok…
Alright, so if you don’t want to be confused,
you could say, “zero-one-seven, five-zero-five-zero,
zero-five-five-zero.”
So, again, you can say, “oh”, or “zero”.
Alright, so that’s how to express a phone
number.
Let’s do a little test.
A little listening test right now.
I want you to listen to some phone numbers.
Ok, so there are four numbers here I’m going
to ask you.
The first one.
Listen carefully.
“Zero-one-seven, five-six-three-four, seven-four-five-four.”
Ok, should look like this.
Number two.
“Zero-one seven, one-six-five-seven, four-five-six-five.”
Ok, it should look like this.
Number three.
“Zero-one seven, five-oh-oh-five, oh-oh-five-oh.”
Ok, should look like this.
And the last number.
“Zero-one seven, double two- double three,
triple five- one.”
Ok, that one was difficult.
It should look like this.
Ok, so that’s how you express phone numbers.
ok, again, if you want to know someone’s
phone number, yyou just ask the question,
“What’s your phone number?”.
And if someone asks you for your phone number,
you just answer, “It’s…”.
And then you say the numbers.
Alright…
So, that’s it for phone numbers.
Ahh…before I go, I would like to tell you
my phone number, so you can call me anytime
of the day, or night to ask me English questions.
So, “my phone number is zero-one-zero, four-seven”.
Hello, everyone.
In this video, I’m going to talk about numbers.
Ahh…more specifically, things like apartment
numbers, bus numbers and flight numbers.
Ok, we express these numbers differently in
English.
Let’s take a look.
So, the first is apartment.
Your apartment number.
So this could be your apartment number or
house number or villa number.
Bus number.
Taxi number.
Subway number.
Flight number.
Ok, so, these kinds of things, we express
the numbers differently.
Let’s take a look.
The first one.
Ok, we…it’s just two numbers.
We always want to look at the last two numbers.
So we would say, “apartment number twelve.”
That one is easy.
“Apartment number twelve.”
Let’s move on to the next one.
Alright, so we want to look at the last two
numbers.
The last two numbers is “twenty-one”.
Ok…
So, we would express this as “one twenty-one.”
Alright, so this could be “apartment number
one twenty-one.”
It could be “bus number one twenty-one.”
It could be “flight number one twenty-one.”
Now, it’s also possible to say, “one-two-one.”
Ok, “bus number one-two-one.”
That’s ok.
But you should learn just to say, “one twenty-one.”
Ok, that’s very fast and more common.
The next one.
Ok, let’s look at the last two numbers.
“Twelve.”
So, we would express “apartment number twelve-twelve.”
“Bus number twelve-twelve.”
You could also say, “Number one-two-one-two”,
but “twelve-twelve” is more common.
The next number.
Ok, the last two are ‘zero-zero’.
Ok, so we can’t say, “zero”.
We’re going to just say it all….we’re
going to say this as…ahh…for example “Bus
number twelve hundred.”
Ok, “Bus number twelve hundred.”
The next one.
The last two numbers ‘fifty-six”.
So, let’s say, “Flight number four fifty-six.”
“Flight number four fifty-six.”
Again, you could also say, “Flight number
four-five-six.”
That’s ok.
The next one.
The last two ‘sixty-seven”.
So, let’s say, “Bus number forty-five
sixty-seven.”
“Bus number forty-five sixty-seven.”
Or…
You could also say, “four-five-six-seven.”
The next.
The last two numbers are ‘zero-seven’.
So, we could also say instead of ‘zero,
more commonly, we’re going to say, “oh”.
“Oh-seven.”
So if I said, “Apartment number forty-oh-seven.”
“Forty-oh-seven.”
Ok, and the last number.
Ahhh…let’s say, “Bus number…”, ‘fifty-two’.
“Bus number sixteen fifty-two.”
Ok…
Takes a lot of practice to learn how to…ahhh…express
these numbers.
Let’s take a little…a little quick test
right now and see how you can do.
Alright, there’s only four questions here.
Number one.
“I live in apartment six thirty-two.”
Number two.
“We need to take bus number thirty-three.”
Number three.
“My flight number is seventeen-oh-nine.”
And number four.
The last one.
“Let’s meet at the subway station number
four sixty-five.”
Ok, how I hope you did well on the small little
test.
Ahhh…again, it takes a lot of practice to
be familiar saying these kind of numbers.
Alright…
There’s so many different ways to say these
numbers.
So, I hope you learned something in this video.
Anyway, I will see you next video.
Hello, everyone.
In this video, I’m going to talk about how
to express ratios in English.
It’s quite easy.
Let’s take a look.
I have two examples here.
The first example is about my party.
I had a party.
Ahhh…these are my guests.
One hundred guests.
Seventy five of my guests were men.
Twenty-five of my guests were women.
So what’s the ratio?
Well, here it is.
So, how would I express the ratio?
Well…ahhh…the simple way is just to say,
“three to one”.
“Three to one.”
The colon here, we always say, “to”.
But let’s make a complete and full sentence.
So I would say, “The ratio of men to women
at my party was three to one.”
Alright, let’s move on to the next example
talking about buttons.
I got three red buttons.
Two blue buttons.
Six black buttons.
Ok, what’s the ratio of buttons?
Ok, we’re going to use three numbers.
And simply, you would say, “three to two
to six.”
That’s the ratio of buttons.
“Three to two to six.”
Ok, easy.
Let’s take a look at a few more examples.
Alright, let’s look at the first ratio example.
“The ratio of boys to girls in China is
a hundred and ten to one hundred.”
The next example.
“There are two apples and three oranges.
The ratio is two to three.”
And the last example.
“The ratio of children, teenagers and adults
is seven to three to one.”
Ok, so I hope you have a better understanding
of how to express ratios in English.
Uhhh… before we end this video, I just want
to talk about expressing scores.
Ok…in a game.
So here is a soccer game between Korea and
Japan.
And Korea wins.
They have two goals and Japan only has one
goal.
So, “What’s the score?”
You would just say the same.
“Two to one.”
Alright…
That’s easy.
So that’s how you would express a score.
Alright, so that’s it for our ratios and
see you next video.
Hello, again.
In this video, we’re going to learn how
to express decimal numbers in English.
And..
I’ll tell you it’s quite easy.
let’s look.
Now here is the decimal point.
Don’t call it “period”.
Don’t call it “dot”.
It’s a “point”.
It’s called the ‘decimal point’.
So we would express this number as “one
point one”.
Easy.
The next number.
Ok, we could actually express this number
two ways.
“One point twelve.”
Or…
“One point one two.”
Ok…
The next number.
“Four hundred point one.”
Easy.
The next number.
Starts with a ‘zero’.
Again, there’s two ways to express this.
You could say, “Zero point zero two.”
Or another common way….because it starts
with a zero, we just start with the point.
So some people say, “Point zero two.”
Ok…
Now remember, “zero” can also be called
“oh”.
So you could say, “Point oh two.”
The next number here.
Ok, we have more numbers.
So, “Six point zero three three.”
Or, “Six point oh three three.”
Ok…
Ok, let’s move down to the last two numbers
here.
We have “ten point one” and “ten point
nine”.
Now, “ten point one” is very close to
‘ten’.
Ok…
So, if we change “ten point one”…just
change it to only ‘ten’, that’s called
’round down’.
Ok…
“Round down.”
So, the closer….’ten point one’ is very
close to ‘ten’, so we take away the ‘point
one’ and just have ‘ten’.
“Round down.”
“Ten point nine” is close…very close
to ‘eleven’, so we change ‘ten point
nine’ to ‘eleven’.
That situation is called “round up”.
Ok, so changing “ten point nine” to ‘eleven’;
round up.
‘Ten point one’ to ‘ten’; round down.
Alright…
So, I hope you understand how to use the decimal
point.
And I hope you understand ’round up’ and
’round down’.
Let’s take a look at a few examples.
Alright, the first example.
“There are two point two grams of fat in
this food.”
The next example.
“I got ninety-nine point nine out of one
hundred points on the test.”
And the last example.
“My brother is one hundred and fifty point
five centimeters tall.
Alright, I hope you have a better understanding
of how to use a decimal point.
Before we go, I’m going to talk about the
other ‘points’ that we might see in English.
Now up here, …ahh…we have a point here,
but we don’t say “point”.
Ok…
Here, it’s going to be “dot”.
Ok, we use ‘dot’ for the internet.
Ok…
So, if your using e-mail it’s “dot com”.
Or…”W-w-w dot gogoteacher dot com.”
Ok, so on the internet, we always say “dot”.
So, “robin at gogoteacher dot com.”
Now here is a sentence and we have another
point.
Ok…
In the sentence, this is called a “period”.
This is a ‘dot’.
This is a ‘period’.
Ok, so we call that a “period”.
And looking at money…
Ok, we’re going to study money in another
video.
But quickly, if we were reading this money,
we wouldn’t say “dot” and we wouldn’t
say “point”.
Actually, in money, we say, “One dollar
‘and’ twenty-one cents.”
So, in money, don’t say, “One point twenty-one
dollars.”
Very strange.
This is “One dollar ‘and’ twenty-one
cents.”
Alright and also, you know, in Korean you
say jeom, but in English, this point is called
a “mole”.
Ok…
So you have, ‘dot’, ‘period’, ‘and’,
‘mole’.
They all have different names.
Ahh…be careful.
Don’t say the wrong name.
Alright, I hope this video helps you.
See you next time.
Ok, in this video, we are going to talk about
how to express percentages in English.
And I’m going to tell you, it is very very
easy.
So, this is going to be a short video.
Let’s take a look.
Ok, so here are some example numbers.
And this is called the ‘percent’ sign.
Ok, so that’s called the ‘percent’ sign.
And we read the first number as “one percent”.
Ok, very easy.
“One percent.”
The next number.
“One hundred percent.”
Let’s put a decimal point there.
So, this is “one point one percent”.
“One point one percent.”
The next number.
“One hundred and one percent.”
Ok…
And the last example.
“Sixty percent of twelve is equal to seven
point four four.”
“Sixty percent of twelve is equal…
seven point four four.”
Alright, so that’s how you express ‘percent’.
Let’s look at a few example sentences.
Alright, the first example…
“I got sixty-five percent on my test.”
The next example.
“I lost two percent of my body fat.”
And the last example.
“I agree one hundred percent.”
Ok, so you saw some example of how to use
‘percent’.
I’m sure you’re already a master on how
to use ‘percent’.
It’s very easy.
Ahh…until next video, ….see you.
Hello, everyone.
In this video, we are going to talk about
expressing American money.
Ok…
So if you travel to America, or other countries,
uhh…you need to know how to express American
money or dollars or cents.
Ok…
Now, let’s take a look at the kinds of money
they have.
They have, of course, coins and bills.
Ahh…first, let’s talk about the coins.
Now, they have four coins.
Alright…
And this is how much the coins are worth.
So, let’s talk about how to express this
in English, first.
So, how much is this?
And how much is this?
Well, this and this…they’re the same amount.
Ok, this is ‘one cent’…and this is also
‘one cent’.
Ok…
That’s the smallest amount of American money.
‘One cent’.
Alright, so their ‘coin’, they have a
‘one cent’ coin.
And the one cent coin is called a ‘penny’.
Ok…
The one cent coin.. a ‘penny’.
Let’s move on.
This is ‘five cents’.
Again, this and this…same amount of money.
‘Five cents’.
They have a five cent coin.
The five cent coin is called a ‘nickel’.
A nickel.
Ok…
The next coin.
This is ‘ten cents’.
Again, ‘ten cents’.
‘Ten cents’.
We can write it both ways.
They have a ten cent coin.
It’s called a ‘dime’.
A dime.
Alright…
And the last coin is ‘twenty-five cents’.
‘Twenty-five cents’.
And they call the twenty-five cent coin a
‘quarter’.
A quarter.
Alright…
Now, to get to one dollar, you need one hundred
cents.
Ok, one hundred cents makes one dollar.
So if you have four quarters, you have one
dollar.
If you have ten dimes, that’s the same as
a dollar.
If you have twenty nickels, that’s the same
as a dollar.
And how many…how many one cent pennies do
you need?
How many pennies?
Well, you need one hundred pennies to make
a dollar.
Ok…
Let’s move on to the bills.
Ok, so they use six main bills.
Ok…
The one dollar bill.
The five dollar bill.
The ten dollar bill.
The twenty dollar bill.
The fifty dollar bill.
and the one hundred dollar bill.
Again, the bills, that’s the paper money.
They have six main ones.
Alright, so that is the coins, that is the
bills.
Let’s do some practice on how to express
the money.
Ok, so to express American money let’s look
at these numbers, first.
Ok, we’ll start off easy.
Now, of course, this is “one dollar”.
“One dollar”.
And we should use “dollar”.
But let’s move on to ‘ten’.
“Ten dollars”.
You can hear this ‘s’ now.
Ok, you have to be very careful with the plural
‘s’.
It’s very important.
So, we have “one dollar.”
But, “two dollars.”
“Three dollars.”
“Ten dollars.”
Ok, make sure you have the ‘s’.
It’s so important.
Alright…
Never say “ten dollar.”
Ok, that sounds very strange and stupid.
Ok, it’s “ten dollars.”
“Ten dollars.”
make sure you have that ‘s’.
So, “Ten dollars.”
“One hundred dollars.”
“One thousand dollars.”
“Ten thousand dollars.”
“One hundred thousand dollars.”
“One million dollars.”
So one more time.
“One dollar.”
“Ten dollars.”
“One hundred dollars.”
“One thousand dollars.”
“Ten thousand dollars.”
“One hundred thousand dollars.”
“One million dollars.”
Ok…
Let’s move on to some more difficult use
of American money.
Alright, so these examples are a little more
difficult.
But it helps us understand how to express
American money.
Alright, let’s look at the first number.
Of course, this is “six dollars”.
“Six dollars.”
And the second one is the same.
Ok…
Don’t be confused by this.
This is six dol…actually this means “six
dollars…” and there’s no cents.
So, you could write ‘six dollars’ like
this or you could write ‘six dollars’
like this.
It means the same.
Alright…
Let’s move on.
Now we have ‘cents’.
Now, it gets difficult.
Listen carefully.
So, I’m going to read this number as “six
dollars and thirty-one cents”.
Ok…
Don’t say “point”.
Don’t say “dot”.
We’re going to use “and”.
“Six dollars and thirty-one cents.”
Alright…
Now, there’s another way to express this
money.
A quicker way.
So, as I said, “six dollars and thirty-one
cents”.
But the quicker way..uhh..an American might
say, just…”six thirty-one”.
“How much is it?”
“Six thirty-one.”
Ok…
So you got to be careful.
There’s actually two ways.
“Six dollars and thirty-one cents.”
Or the quick way:
“Six thirty-one.”
Alright, let’s look at the next one.
“How much is it?”
“Nine dollars and ninety-nine cents.”
And, of course, the quick way:
“Nine ninety-nine.”
Alright, let’s move on.
“Twenty-two dollars and fifty cents.”
And the quick way:
“Twenty-two fifty.”
Alright…bigger number here.
“One hundred and seventeen dollars and thirty-two
cents.”
Or the quick way:
“One seventeen thirty-two.”
Alright, and the last amount…very big number.
There’s no quick way for this number.
Alright, it’s a lot of money.
“One million two hundred and thirty thousand
six hundred and eighty seven dollars and sixteen
cents.”
“One million two hundred and thirty thousand
six hundred and eighty seven dollars and sixteen
cents.”
Ok…
That’s how we express American money.
Let’s see how you will do on the test.
Ok, so we’re going to d…we’re going
to try a quick test.
Take out a pen and paper.
And I’m going to say American money and
you should write down what you hear.
Alright, question number one.
“Seven dollars.”
Ok, should look like this.
Question two.
“One hundred and twenty dollars.”
Ok, looks like this.
Question three.
“Seventy-five thousand dollars.”
Ok, like this.
Question four.
“One hundred and thirty-four thousand three
hundred dollars.”
Should look like this.
Question five.
“One million nine hundred thousand dollars.”
Question six.
“Thirty-four cents.”
Ok, looks like this.
Question seven.
“Twenty-three dollars sixty-seven cents.”
Ok, looks like this.
Question eight.
“Five hundred and forty-seven dollars fifty
cents.”
Ok, like this.
Question nine.
“Twelve thousand eight hundred dollars and
thirty-four cents.”
Ok, looks like this.
Question ten.
“One million one hundred eleven thousand
one hundred eleven dollars and eleven cents.”
Wow, big number.
Very difficult.
How did you do on the test?
I hope you did well.
I know it’s difficult to listen to American
money, but you must know it.
Ok…
It’s very important to hear the right amount
of money.
Alright…
We have this question, again.
Ok, we did this with the Korean money and
how to express it in Korean money.
We’re going to do it again, but we’re
going to express in American money.
Ok…
So, “How much is it?”
And, “It’s about…”
What’s the American money price?
Same items.
Let’s look at the pen.
“How much is a pen?”
“Well, a pen is about a dollar.”
Ok…
So, “It’s about a dollar.”
And the second one, soju, again, I’m going
into Family Mart…I buy the bottle of soju.
“How much is it?”
“Well, it’s about one dollar and twenty-five
cents.”
“It’s about one dollar and twenty-five
Or…
“It’s about one twenty-five.”
Ok, the Galaxy Note.
Ya, very expensive mobile phone.
“How much is it?”
“Well, it’s about eight hundred to nine
hundred dollars.”
Ok, “It’s about eight hundred or nine
The KIA Morning.
The car.
“How much is it?”
“Well, it’s about fourteen thousand dollars.”
“It’s about fourteen thousand dollars.”
And the Kangnam apartment…
“How much is it?”
Ok, very expensive.
The Kangnam apartment..
maybe that’s around “a million dollars”.
Ok, very expensive.
A lot of money.
“It’s about a million dollars.”
Alright…
I hope you have a good understanding of American
Money and how to express it in English.
Uhh…be careful not to make a mistake with
American money.
You don’t want to make anyone angry.
Alright…
That’s it for this video.
See you next time.
Hello, everyone.
In this video, we’re going to talk about
basic calendar expression.
Ok, so it’s a very easy video.
You probably already know a lot of these expressions.
Of course, this is a calendar.
Ok, and we need to know the expressions about
the calendar.
So, one the board I have the main ones here.
So the first one, of course, is ‘one day’.
And we…instead of ‘one day’, we could
just say “a; a day”.
So on your calendar that is just one day;
a day.
Next, we have seven days…makes a week.
Ok, so ‘one week’.
And, of course, “a month”.
Ok…
So ‘a month’ a little bit difficult to
pronounce.
“A month.”
Your tongue has to come out a little bit.
So, ‘a day’, ‘a week’, ‘a month’.
And, of course, the full calendar…twelve
months…that is ‘a year’.
Ok…
So, ‘a day’, ‘a week’, ‘a month’
and ‘a year’.
Those are the easy ones.
Let’s get on to bigger…bigger time.
The next one here is ‘a decade’.
Ok, what is ‘a decade’?
Well, ‘a decade’ is ten years.
Ok…
Ten years is a decade, so you might buy a
car every decade.
Ok, every ten years.
After ‘a decade’, we have ‘a century’.
‘A century’ is one hundred years.
Ok…
And, of course, we live in the twenty-first
century.
And ‘a century’, we have ‘a millennium’.
uhhh…very difficult to spell.
“A millennium.”
‘A millennium’ is one thousand years.
Ok…very long time.
One thousand years, we would call ‘a millennium’.
Ok, after ‘a millennium’ we have something
called ‘an eon’.
Ok, so notice we’re starting with ‘e’,
so we have to use ‘an’.
‘An eon’.
How long is ‘an eon’?
Well, there is no exact time of ‘an eon’.
‘An eon’ just means a very very long time.
Ok…
So.. example…the dinosaurs…they lived
on the planet eons ago.
Ok, so it just means a very very long time.
So this is not exact.
Ok…
So, probably, of course, the first are the
easiest and they’re the most important.
The ‘decade’, ‘century’, ‘millennium’
and ‘eon’, ok, you’re not going to hear
those too much.
Ok, just I’m teaching them so you know.
But you should know the first four.
Ok…
So, let’s take a look at a few examples.
Ok, here are a few examples.
The first one.
“There are twenty-four hours in a day.”
Next example…
“There are seven days in a week.”
The next example…
“There are about four weeks in a month.”
Ok, the next one.
“There are three hundred and sixty-five
days in a year.”
Alright, the next one.
“There are ten years in a decade.”
And the next one.
“There are one hundred years in a century.”
And the last one.
“There are one thousand years in a millennium.”
Ok, so I hope you have a better understanding
from the examples.
So, ‘a day’, ‘a week’, ‘a month’,
‘a year’.
Those four are the most important for the
calendar.
And then the last…the last group here.
Not so common.
‘A decade’, ‘a century’, you should
know.
‘Millennium’ and of course ‘an eon’…’an
eon’ a very long time.
Could be millions of years.
Alright, so I hope you understand.
That’s it for this video.
Hello, everyone.
In this video, we are going to talk about
‘The Days of the Week’.
Ok, now the days of the week.. you must know…you
must remember them.
We’re going to talk about the pronunciation,
the spelling and the short form.
Ok…
So, let’s get started.
Here they are.
Of course, there’s only seven days of the
week to remember.
The first one here…
“Monday.”
Ok, so listen carefully…how I pronounce
it.
“Monday.”
The next one.
“Tuesday.”
Ok, this one’s a little difficult.
“Wednesday.”
Ok, what’s the problem?
Now ‘Wednesday’ has a ‘d’.
But when we say ‘Wednesday’, uhhh…we
don’t say the ‘d’ sound.
We don’t say “Wed-nes-day”.
Ok…
It’s “Wednesday.”
So this is “Wednesday.”
“Wednesday.”
Ok…
The next one.
“Thursday.”
Ok, it has a ‘t-h’.
“th…th..th.”
Your tongue has to come out.
“Thursday.”
Alright…
Next one.
“Friday.”
We have an ‘f’.
“F…F.”
Your teeth should touch your lip.
“Friday.”
Ok…
“Saturday.”
And the last one.
“Sunday.”
Ok, let’s do them again…very quick.
“Monday.”
“Tuesday.”
“Wednesday.”
“Thursday.”
“Friday.”
“Saturday.”
“Sunday.”
Ok…
But I hope you can do them really fast.
Ok, so like “Monday.
Tuesday.
Wednesday.
Thursday.
Friday.
Saturday.
Sunday.”
Ok…
You should practice until you can do it that
way.
Alright, let’s look at the spelling now.
Now the spelling…ok…now they’re very
difficult to remember how to spell.
But please, know the correct way of how to
spell.
So, the first one ‘Monday’.
Now, the first letter is always big.
It’s always a ‘capital’ letter.
The big letter.
You must always put the capital.
So, ‘Monday’.
‘Tuesday’, capital ‘T’.
Capital ‘W’.
Capital ‘T’.
Capital ‘F’…
And these two have the capital ‘S’.
The big ‘S’.
Ok…
You always have to make that capital.
And the spelling…yeah, as I said, little
bit difficult to remember.
Ok, you’d have to do some self-study and
remember how to spell.
The short form.
‘Monday’.
These are the official short form of the days
of the week.
Again, you need the capital letters.
And the ‘period’ at the end.
Ok…
So, ‘m-o-n’ period.
“Tuesday.”
“Wednesday.”
“Thurs.”
Ok…
This is not very short, ok.. but you need
that.
That’s considered the official short form.
“Friday.”
“Saturday.”
“Sun.”
Alright, so that’s the pronunciation, spelling
and short form, but before we move on I want
to talk about one more thing.
These days of the week…
‘Monday’ to ‘Friday’.
Those are called the ‘weekdays’.
Ok…
“Monday.”
“Tuesday.”
“Wednesday.”
“Thursday.”
“Friday.”
‘Weekdays’.
Ok, those are the working days.
The ‘Weekdays’.
And, of course, ‘Saturday’ and ‘Sunday’…
That’s the ‘weekend’.
Ok…
So, ‘Weekdays’.
‘Weekend’.
Remember that, also.
Ok, let’s move on to a few examples.
Ok, we’re going to talk about three important
questions…talking about the day.
And the questions are talking about ‘today’,
‘tomorrow’ and ‘yesterday’.
Let’s take a look at the questions.
Ok…
Now, the first one is very important.
“What day is today?”
Now some people, they will say “Which day
is today?”
Ahh..ok, that’s a little strange.
More common is using “What”.
“What day is today?”
So, your answer “It’s…”.
Ok, your answer should always begin with “It’s…”.
“What day is today?”
“It’s Monday.”
Ok…
Now, some people don’t use “It’s”.
“What day is today?”
“Monday.”
Ok…
That’s ok.
But, better is using the ‘it’s’.
“It’s Monday.”
Ok, that’s grammatically correct.
That’s a full sentence.
“It’s Monday.”
Alright…
Let’s look at the next one.
“What day is tomorrow?”
Ok, so ‘tomorrow’….in the future.
Again, “It’s Tuesday.”
Ok, “What day is tomorrow?”
“It’s Tuesday.”
Now, it is also possible.. because it’s
‘future’, we can say, “What day will
be tomorrow?”.
“It will be Tuesday.”
Ok…
“What day will be tomorrow?”
“It will be Tuesday.”
But actually…that’s ok, but this is more
common.
“What day is tomorrow?”
It’s easier.
“It’s Tuesday.”
Alright…
The last one here.
“What day was yesterday?”
Ok, ‘yesterday’…in the past.
Ok, we’re using…we’re changing the ‘be’
verb.. ”is”, “is”, to “was”.
Past tense.
“What day was yesterday?”
“It was Sunday.”
Ok, so again, let’s review.
“What day is today?”
“It’s Monday.”
“What day is tomorrow?”
“It’s Tuesday.”
“What day was yesterday?”
“It was Sunday.”
Ok…
This is the best way to ask and answer these
questions.
Alright…
Let’s move on.
Ok, we’re going to look at three more questions
talking about how to express days of the week.
Now, these questions are not talking about
‘what day is today?’
or ‘tomorrow’ or ‘yesterday’.
These questions are asking about…uhh…some
event.
Ok, something is going to happen on a day.
Ok…
And when something is going to happen, on
a day, before we say the day, we should always
use the preposition ‘on’.
Ok, we need that preposition ‘on’.
So the first question.
“When is our date?”
“When is our meeting?”
Ok, I have to meet you.
“When is our date?”
Ok, and you should answer with ‘on’.
“On Friday.”
Ok…
“We’re going to meet on Friday.”
You need that preposition.
This is our event…our meeting.
When?
“On Friday.”
Next question.
“Which days do we have English class?”
Ok, “Which days do we have English class?”
Now, this is asking “days”.
“Which ‘days’ do we have English class?”
Well, “On Mondays.”
Ok, “On Mondays.”
So, the event is English class.
When?
“On Mondays.”
And the last question.
“When is my homework due?”
“When do I need to give my homework?”
That’s the event.
“On Wednesday.”
Ok, “On Wednesday.”
Ok, so when asking questions about ‘what
day is today’, ‘tomorrow’ and ‘yesterday’,
you use “it’s”.
But when you’re asking about some event..
ok.. something is going to happen on a day…you
have to use the preposition ‘on’.
Alright…
Let’s move on.
Ok, we’re at the end of the video, but before
we go, I want to talk about some common spelling
mistakes that my students do.
Let’s take a look.
Ok, so here are some days of the week, but
the spelling is wrong.
And the first one is ‘Thuesday’.
Ok, a lot of my students write ‘Thuesday’.
I don’t know what day ‘Thuesday’ is…uhhh…
I think they’re confused between ‘Tuesday’
and ‘Thursday’.
And somehow they’re mixing ‘Tuesday’
and ‘Thursday’ for ‘Thuesday’.
Ok, don’t write ‘Thuesday’.
There is never a ‘Thuesday’.
Be careful.
Next one.
“Wednesday.”
Ok, so ‘Wednesday’ has a ‘d’, in the
spelling there’s a ‘d’.
But, of course, we don’t say “Wed-nes-day”.
We say “Wednesday.”
So lots of students spell it as they hear
it.
Ok, you got to be careful.
There is a ‘d’.
So this ‘Wednesday’, sorry this is wrong.
No!
Don’t do this.
The next one.
“Saturday.”
Looks good.
‘Saturday’, but be careful because this
is a ‘u’, not an ‘e’.
“Saturday.”
So, don’t spell it with the ‘e’.
The last two.
“Monday” and “Sunday.”
‘Monday’.
What’s wrong?
Well, the spelling is ok, but there’s too
much space here.
Ok…
A lot of students separate the ‘day’.
‘Tues…day’.
‘Wednes…day’.
They put too much space.
Ok, it’s one word.
It should be very close.
Be careful.
Not too much space.
And the last one, ‘Sunday’.
What’s wrong?
Well, as I old you, it always starts with
a capital letter.
So, if you write it with a small ‘s’,
that’s wrong.
Ok…
Alright, so…
Don’t make these spelling mistakes.
Ahh..those are the days of the week.
You have to remember all seven.
The pronunciation and the spelling.
Takes some self-study, but I know you can
do it.
Alright…
That’s it for this video.
See you next time.
Hello, everyone.
In this video, we are going to talk about
Months of the Year.
Ok, I know the months of the year are very
difficult to pronounce and spell.
There’s twelve of them.
So, also, very difficult to remember.
Ok…
In this video, we are going to focus on pronunciation,
spelling and the short form of the month.
So, let’s take a look at the first one.
“January.”
Ok, be sure to pronounce that correctly.
And for the spelling, remember we need a capital
‘J’.
A big ‘J’.
We always need this for each month.
The capital letter.
Ok, so “January.”
And the short form…’Jan.’.
With a period.
This is called a period.
So, ‘Jan.’.
Capital letter.
Period.
The next month is probably the most difficult
month for my students to pronounce and spell.
Ok, they’re always confused with this.
Ok, now let’s focus on the ‘F’.
This is an ‘F’ sound.
“fff.”
Your teeth should touch your lip.
And this is a ‘b’ sound.
“bbb.”
Ok…
So we should think of this as “Fe…”,
“Fe…”, “bru…”, “bru…”, “ary…”.
“Fe..bru..ary.”
“February.”
Ok, it’s very difficult.
So, it takes a lot of practice…
Also, the spelling…
Ok, my students are often confused with the
spelling and the ‘R’s’.
“February.”
And the short form…
‘F-e-b’ period.
The next four…little bit easier.
Ok…
“March.”
“April.”
“May.”
And “June.”
“June.”
Ok…
And the short form.
Capital, remember the capital.
‘M-a-r’ period.
‘A-p-r’ period.
‘May’ is special.
There is no short form.
‘May’ is just always ‘May’.
So you should never have a ‘period’ here.
Never have the same.
“May.”
Only ‘May’.
“June.”
‘J-u-n’ period.
Ok, so the first six…one more time.
“January.”
“February.”
“March.”
“April.”
“May.”
“June.”
Ok, let’s take a look at the last six months
starting with “July”.
Ok…
So, don’t be confused with ‘June’.
“July.”
Again, capital letters here.
‘J-u-l’ period.
The next one.
“August.”
This is “aww”.
‘A-u’ is “aww”.
“August.”
Ok and the short form.
‘A-u-g’ period.
“September.”
‘S-e-p’ period.
“October.”
‘O-c-t’ period.
“November.”
Ok, this is a ‘v’.
“Vvv.”
“November.”
And the last month.
“December.”
Ok, so let’s go through the last six again.
“July.”
“August.”
“September.”
“October.”
“November.”
“December.”
Whew…that’s all the twelve months.
Ok…
So, let’s move on.
Ok, we’re going to look at three important
questions, should know when asking about ‘month’.
Here’s the first question.
“What month is it?”
Ok…
Now, remember with the pronunciation of ‘month’.
“Month.”
You tongue should come out.
“What month is it?”
Ok…
Your answer will begin with ‘It’s…’;
‘It is’…’It’s’.
“It’s January.”
“What month is it?”
Alright…
Some people may say, “Which month is it?”
Ok…
“Which” is ok…”What” is ok, but
more common is the ‘What’.
“What month is it?”
“It’s January.”
Alright…
Next question.
“What’s next month?”
Ok…
Ok, so, this is asking about the future…’next
month’.
“What’s next month?”
Now, some people will answer…
“It ‘will be’…
February.”
Ok, that’s ok.
But more common is just simply “It’s February.”
Ok…
This is probably what most people will say.
“It’s February.”
“What’s next month?”
The last question.
“What was last month?”
..in the past.
Ok, we’re using ‘was’…in the past.
“What was last month?”
“It was…December.”
“It was December.”
Ok…
“What month is it?”
“It’s January.”
“What’s next month?”
“It’s February.”
“What was last month?”
“It was December.”
Ok…
So, that’s how you ask and answer about
the months.
Ok…
Let’s go to the next part.
Here are three more questions on how to use
‘months’ in a sentence.
Ok…
Let’s take a look.
These questions are talking about some activity
or event that will happen in a month.
Ok…
So when we’re talking about an activity
or event that will happen in a month, we need
to use the preposition ‘in’.
Ok, when we’re talking about ‘Days of
the Week’, we had to use the preposition
‘on’.
But for ‘months’, we use the preposition
‘in’.
Remember that.
Ok, so here’s some questions.
“Which month were you born?”
Ok, we’re at the end of the video, but before
I go, I want to talk about some mistakes again.
Ahhh…please be careful with your spelling.
Let’s take a look at these three.
These three are very common.
As you can see, “No”.
Don’t spell these words like this.
Now the first one…
We can guess this month is “February”,
but the students are confused with the ‘V’
and the ‘b’.
They’re writing “Fevruary”.
Also, they’re missing a ‘u’.
Ok, so there’s lots of mistakes with spelling
‘February’.
Be careful.
Don’t do this.
The next one is “April”.
“April.”
But they’re writing a ‘v’.
I don’t know why they’re writing a ‘v’,
but they’re writing a ‘v’.
It should be a ‘p’.
So don’t…don’t write “Avril”.
“April.”
And the last one.
I can understand the mistake.
“December.”
Ok, I understand because this is actually
a ‘c’.
“sss”…it makes an ‘s’ sound.
“December.”
But, you got to be careful.
You need the ‘c’.
“December.”
Alright…
So, anyway, with the ‘s’…don’t write
like that.
Ok, so you got to be very careful with the
spelling of the months.
Alright…
So that’s the ‘Months of the Year’.
I hope you understand.
Ahhh..there’s twelve of them.
I know it takes a lot of practice to pronounce
and to spell.
But you need to do a lot of self-study to
master them.
Ok…
I want you to be perfect with them.
Ok, that’s it for this video.
See you next time.
Hello, everyone.
In this video, we are going to talk about
how to express the year in English.
Ok, it’s a little bit difficult, but I know
after this video, you will understand…and
you’ll be able to do it very well.
Let’s take a look.
So, on the board, I wrote some years.
Ok…
So, you just have to listen and follow me.
The first year up here, is the year I was
born.
Yes, I’m quite old.
So how would we express this year in English?
We’re going to look at the first part.
“Nineteen.”
…and the last part, “Seventy-five.”
So, we’re going yo divide that into “Nineteen
seventy-five”.
“Nineteen seventy-five.”
Never, never, never, never, never say “one
thousand nine hundred and seventy-five”.
No.
The way to express this year:
“Nineteen seventy-five.”
Let’s look at the next one.
This is “Nineteen seventy-five.”
This is “Nineteen ninety-nine.”
Ok…
“Nineteen seventy-five.”
“Nineteen ninety-nine.”
The next one…Ok….
This is a little different because…ahh…there’s
three zeros.
So, for this year, we only say, “two thousand”.
Ok, there’s one way to say it.
“Two thousand.”
The next one.
Ok…
Now, the next one…there’s actually two
ways to express it in English.
One way is, “two thousand one”.
Another way is, “twenty-oh-one”.
Ok…
“Two thousand one.”
Or…
“Twenty-oh-one.”
Ok, remember, ‘zeros’ we can call “oh”.
The next one.
“Two thousand twelve.”
Or…
“Twenty twelve.”
Again, there’s two ways.
“Two thousand twelve.”
“Twenty twelve.”
Next one…similar.
“Two thousand thirteen.”
“Twenty thirteen.”
And the last one…in the future…
“Twenty twenty.”
Or…
“Two thousand twenty.”
Ok…so from here…going all the ‘two thousands’,
there’s two ways to express it.
So, sometimes that’s confusing.
So, let’s go through the list again.
“Nineteen seventy-five.”
“Nineteen ninety-nine.”
“Two thousand.”
“Two thousand one.”
Or…
“Twenty-oh-one.”
“Two thousand twelve.”
Or…
“Twenty twelve.”
“Two thousand thirteen.”
“Twenty thirteen.”
“Two thousand twenty.”
Or…
“Twenty twenty.”
Alright…
So that’s how we express years in English.
Let’s do some more practice.
Ok, so let’s take a look at a few questions,
so we can understand how to use ‘year’
in a sentence.
Questions one here:
“What year is it now?”
Because it’s now, we want to start our sentence
with “It’s”.
“What year is it now?”
“It’s two thousand twelve.”
Or…
“Twenty-twelve.”
Ok, “What year is it now?”
“It’s Twenty-twelve.”
Again, you should use “it’s”, but of
course it’s ok just to say the year.
But I prefer a full sentence.
“It’s two thousand twelve.”
Let’s look at the next question.
“What year were you born?”
Again, you came out of your mother…as a
baby…
“What year were you born?”
Ok, with the ‘years’, you want to use
the preposition ‘in’.
Ok…
Now, with ‘days’, we use the preposition
‘on’.
With ‘months’, we use the preposition
‘in’.
And with ‘years’, we must use the preposition
So, “What year were you born?”
“In nineteen seventy-five.”
Ok, that’s the year I was born.
The last question.
Very important to Korea.
“When is the Pyeongchang Olympics?”
Ok, coming soon.
“In”, ok, again, ‘in’ is our preposition.
“In two thousand eighteen.”
Or…
“In twenty eighteen.”
Alright…
So those are a few examples of how to use
it in a sentence.
Ahh..I hope you understand these examples.
Using years…ahhh..is very…very easy.
Ok, they’re easy to express.
Just remember to use the preposition ‘in’.
Ok…
That’s it for ‘years’ and I will see
you next video.
Hello, everyone.
In this video, we’re going to talk about
how to express the date in English.
That can be very difficult because you have
to know your months.
You have to know your ordinal numbers.
You have to know how to express your years.
So, this is a very advanced video, but it’s
a good video to learn.
Ahh…so, I’m going to start with this question.
“What’s the date, today?”
Now, don’t confuse this question with, “What’s
the day, today?”, because the day is only
asking about “Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday…so
on.”
This question is, “What’s the date..?”
Ok…
So, we…it’s very different than ‘day’.
So, there’s two styles here of how to express
the date.
One style is British style.
And one style is American style or Canadian
style.
We use this.
Ok, so “What’s the date, today?”
And it’s the same date.
They put the ‘fourteenth’, ‘March’,
‘two thousand thirteen’.
Ok, so how..
how would they express that?
“What’s the date, today?”
“It’s the fourteenth of March two thousand
thirteen.”
Or “Twenty-thirteen.”
Ok…
Short form.
‘Fourteen’, ‘three’, ‘thirteen’.
Now they use a…’day’, ‘month’, ‘year’.
Ok, but I know in Korea, you use the opposite
‘year’, ‘month’, ‘day’.
But the British style is opposite.
Alright, now here is the American style and
the style I want to show you because I’m
Canadian.
I use this, also.
“What’s the date, today?”
“March fourteenth…fourteenth, twenty thirteen.”
“March fourteenth, twenty thirteen.”
‘Three’, ‘fourteen’, ‘thirteen’.
That’s how you would express it short style.
Ok…
Now both ways are ok…doesn’t matter.
But this is how you would express a ‘date’.
Put your ‘month’.
Capital letter.
Put your ordinal number.
This is “fourteenth”.
A ‘comma’…and the year.
Ok, and you would read it as “March fourteenth,
twenty thirteen.”
Alright, so that’s how you express the ‘date’.
Let’s do some more practice.
Ok, here are some examples to help us understand
how to express the ‘dates’.
First, let’s look at this question.
“When is payday?”
Now, “payday” is a very important day.
That’s when you get your money from your
job.
“When is payday?”
So, I’m going to begin my answer with “It’s”.
“It is…
It’s”
“When is payday?”
Ok, and you can see when I’m expressing
the ‘date’, I’m always going to use
the preposition ‘on’.
The preposition ‘on’.
Ok…
So, “When is payday?”
“It’s on Monday.”
That’s very simple.
“It’s on the sixteenth.”
Ok, “It’s on the sixteenth of this month.”
Now, if your just going to focus on the date
here, ‘Sixteenth’, we always need a ‘the’.
“The sixteenth.”
Alright, the next one, we’re going to combine
these.
We’re going to put these two together.
“When is payday?”
“It’s on Monday the sixteenth.”
Ok, so we have “On Monday”.
That’s ok.
“On the sixteenth.”
“On Monday the sixteenth.”
That’s ok, too.
Ok, all of them are ok, but this one…ahh…there’s
no confusion.
This is very detailed.
Alright, let’s look at the last two.
Now, “When is payday?”
“It’s on June sixteenth.”
Ok, you want to focus on the month sometimes.
And let’s put all of these together.
“When is payday?”
“It’s on Monday June sixteenth.”
Ok, if you want to be very detailed and make
sure there’s no confusion, your going to
say the ‘day’, the ‘month’ and the
‘date’ here.
Ok, “When is payday?”
“It’s on Monday June sixteenth.”
Ok…
So there are many ways to express the same
thing.
Ok, it depends on the situation.
But you have to be familiar with all these
ways…cause…which one is the best way?
Well, there is no best way here.
Ahh…it depends on the person.
Everyone’s going to say it a little bit
different.
Alright, let’s move on to some questions.
The first question here.
“When were you born?”
Ok, “When were you born?”
Again, you came out of your mother as a baby.
“When were you born?”
This is a very detailed answer.
Ok, so this is when I was born.
“On March twentieth, nineteen seventy-five.”
Ok, so I’m going to put the capital on ‘March’,
‘twentieth’, comma, ‘nineteen seventy-five’.
That’s how I would write and say that ‘date’.
Let’s move on to the next question.
“When is your birthday?”
Ok, they’re very similar questions.
“When were you born?”
“When is your birthday?”
Ok, so, “When is your birthday?”…doesn’t
really care about the year.
It’s more about the ‘month’ and the
‘date’.
Ok, so, “When is your birthday?”
“On March twentieth.”
That’s the date of my birthday.
Next one.
“When is Valentine’s Day?”
A very good and happy day.
“On February fourteenth.”
The last question.
“When will you go to Spain?”
Your asking your friend.
And maybe she answers very quickly…”Oh,
on the nineteenth”.
“On the nineteenth.”
Alright…
So, I hope you have a better understanding
of how to express the ‘date’ in English.
Takes a lot of self-study and practice, but
I know you can…you can understand if you
really really try.
That’s it for this video.
See you next time.
Hi, everyone.
In this video, we’re going to talk about
the seasons.
Ok, it’s very easy.
Because there’s only four seasons.
Alright, and you probably already know them.
Here they are.
And the first one is “spring’.
“Spring.’
And ‘spring’ is when the flowers come
out.
Ok…
The next season.
“Summer.”
Summer is hot.
Summer is a good time to go to the beach.
Summer is my favorite season.
I like hot weather.
Alright, the next season.
“Autumn.”
Ok, this has an ‘au’.
So, instead of “autumn”, an easier way
is just to say, “fall”.
You can say, “autumn”, or “fall”.
Both are ok.
They mean the same thing.
So, of course, in ‘autumn’, the leaves
on the trees fall.
And the last season.
“Winter.”
Ok…”Winter.”
‘Winter’, of course, is very cold… and
you build snowmen in winter.
Uhh…I don’t like winter very much.
Ok, so those are the four seasons.
Let’s do some extra practice.
Ok, for our practice, I have three quick questions.
Let’s look at the first question.
“What season is now?”
“What season is right now?”
Ok…
Because it’s ‘now’, we have to begin
with “It’s”.
Ok…
“It is…”
“It’s summer.”
Ok, I made this video now.
For me, it’s summer.
When you’re watching this video, maybe it’s
another season.
Alright, “What season is now?”
“It’s summer.”
Remember, right now, we always use “It’s”.
Ok, the next questions.
“When is Halloween?”
Ok, so what season is Halloween?
Well, we have to use the preposition ‘in’.
Ok…
“When is Halloween?”
“In….”
“In autumn.”
Ok, “In autumn.”
Or…
“In fall.”
Ok…
So remember, with the seasons, we need the
preposition ‘in’.
“When is Halloween?”
“In autumn.”
“In fall.”
And the last question.
“When is Christmas?”
Ok, what season?
Of course, “In winter.”
“When is Christmas?”
“It’s in winter.”
Ok…
So that’s the seasons.
Remember, when we’re talking about ‘now’,
we need “it’s”…if we’re talking
about the season now.
And other seasons, we need the preposition
‘in’.
Ok…
That’s seasons.
I hope you understand.
See you next time.
Hello, everyone.
Welcome to this ‘Time Expressions’ video.
In this video, we are going to talk about
how to express the time of day.
Ok, it’s very simple.
And you would talk about the ‘time of day’
to express your routine; what you do in the
different times of day.
Let’s take a look at the board.
I have a question.
“When do you…?”
And let’s make a question.
“When do you wake up?”
Ok…
And you want to express the ‘time of day’.
Very easy.
“In the morning.”
“When do you wake up?”
Make sure you have ‘the’.
Don’t say “in morning”.
“In the morning.”
“When do you wake up?”
“When do you take a shower?”
“In the morning.”
“When do you go to work?”
Ok…
Ahh…let’s look at the next one.
“In the afternoon.”
“When do you take a nap?”
Ok, you take a quick sleep.
“In the afternoon.”
Ok, I like to take a nap, “In the afternoon.”
“When do you go home?”
After work, “When do you go home?”
“In the evening.”
“When do you eat dinner?”
“When do you watch TV?”
“In the evening.”
Ok…
So, these are very easy ways to express the
different types…the different times of day.
Make sure you have “in the”.
Alright, let’s look at the next ones.
Ahh…
They’re using ‘at’.
Ok…
So this first one is using ‘”at night”.
“In the evening.”
“At night.”
Very similar.
But, “In the evening” is usually talking
about early evening.
Ok…
Around 6p.m. to 10p.m.
Ok, that’s the evening time.
Relaxing time.
“At night” is probably after 10p.m.
You know…you’re going into 1a.m., 2a.m.,
3a.m.
Very late time.
Ok, that’s usually when we say, “At night”.
Alright…
So…
“When do you….?”
Well, if I said, “When do you go home from
work?”
And you said, “In the evening.”
Ok, I know it’s early.
But if you said…if I asked “When do you
go home from work?” and you said “At night”,
I would think “Oh, very late”.
Maybe after 10p.m.
Alright…
You have to be very careful walking on the
street ‘at night’.
Alright, the next two are very exact times.
Ok, “At noon”, “At midnight”.
‘Noon’ is only 12:00p.m.
That is ‘noon’.
So, “When do you have lunch?”
You can say, “At noon”.
Alright…
‘Midnight’ is only 12a.m.
Ok, very late.
“When do you go to bed?”
“At midnight.”
Ok…
Very very late.
Only…only 12p.m.
Only 12a.m.
They’re very exact times.
Alright, so these are different ways to express
the ‘times of day’.
Let’s take a look at a few examples.
Ok, let’s look at these examples.
The first one.
“I exercise in the morning.”
The next one.
“My lunchtime is at noon.”
“I like to go swimming in the afternoon.”
And the next one.
“I eat dinner in the evening.”
“I eat ramyeon at midnight.”
And the last example.
“Be careful walking alone at night.”
Ok, I hope you understand how to express the
different ‘times of day’ in English.
Uhm…I’m going to ask you a question now.
“When do you study English?”
Ok…
“What time of day do you study English?”
“When do you study English?”
Ahh…I..I suggest the best time to study
English is in the morning.
Ok…ahh…
In the afternoon is not so good.
A lot of my students are always very tired
in the afternoon.
In the evening is ok.
But, never never at night.
That’s too late.
Alright…
So, I hope you understand these time expression.
See you next video.
Hello, everyone.
Welcome to this ‘time expressions’ video.
In this video, we’re going to talk about
how to use ‘ago’, ‘late’, ‘next’
and ‘last’.
Ok, these are very useful expressions to use
when talking about time.
But, first.
Let’s review our vocabulary.
And this is the vocabulary we need to know
for this video.
Ahhh…’second’.
And I have “one second.”
Ok, “One second.
We could also…instead of “one second”,
we could say, “a second”.
So, ‘one’ and ‘a’, mean the same.
Just one second.
Ok…
“One minute.”
“A minute.”
Ok…how many seconds in one minute?
Well, sixty seconds in one minute.
And the next is ‘hour’.
Now ‘hour’ is special because we’re
going to use ‘an’.
Ok…
Because ‘hour’ starts with a vowel sound.
“An hour.”
Ok, we always use ‘an’ with ‘hour’.
And of course, there’s sixty minutes in
one hour.
“An hour.”
Next is “a day”.
“A day.”
“One day.”
Of course…how many hours in a day?
Twenty-four hours.
“A week.”
How many days in a week?
Seven days in a week.
“One week.”
“One month.”
“A month.”
Ok…
And the last one.
“One year.”
“A year.”
Ok, so that’s the vocabulary.
I hope you understand.
Uhh…before we move on, I’m going to change
this.
Ok, this is one.
But now, let’s put…let’s put two.
Now everything changes.
“Two second?”
No, we have to plural it.
“Two seconds.”
“Two minute?”
“Two minutes.”
“Two hour?”
No.
“Two hours.”
“Two day?”
“Two days.”
“Two week?”
“Two weeks.”
“Two months.”
“Two years.”
“Seconds.
Minutes.
Hours.
Days.
Weeks.
Months.
Years.”
So, if you’re using ‘two’, ‘three’,
‘four’.. every number, except one.
Ok…
Make sure you use the plural.
Alright, let’s move on.
Ok, now we know the vocabulary let’s get
into the first two expressions.
‘Ago’ and ‘later’.
Very easy to use.
‘Ago’ is talking about the past; before.
And ‘later’ is talking about the future;
after.
Ok…
So, I have a question here.
“When did you call me?”
Ok, “When ‘did’ you call me?”
Ok, this is talking about the past.
So, someone asks, “When did you call me?”
Ok…
wo…you just put the vocabulary here.
“One second ago.”
Ok, that’s very soon.
That’s too soon.
“When did you call me?”
“One second ago.”
That’s too soon.
“One minute ago.”
That’s possible.
“One hour ago.”
“One day ago.”
“One week ago.”
“One month ago.”
“One year ago.”
You can use any of these here.
Ok…
So, remember, if you said “five”.
For example, ‘five’.
“When did you call me?”
“Five…minutes ago.”
“Five minutes ago.”
Ok, remember we have this ‘s’ because
it’s now ‘five’.
“Five minutes ago.”
Alright, so, we’re going to use ‘ago’
because it’s a past question.
“When did you call me?”
“Five minutes ago.”
“When did you come home?”
“One hour ago.”
Alright…
Let’s change the qu…question.
Let’s change it here.
To the future.
“When will you call me?”
Ok, in the future.
Let’s talk…let’s use the future expression.
Ahh…
“One second later.”
Well, that’s too soon.
‘Second’ is a very short time.
Ok, “When will you call me?”
“One minute later.”
“One hour later.”
“One day later.”
“One week later.”
“One month later.”
“One year later.”
Very long time, ok…
And, also remember…
If we’re going to use a plural, ‘five’,
‘six’, ‘seven’, ‘eight’, we need
the ‘s’.
“When will you call me?”
“Five hours later.”
Alright…
So, ‘ago’ and ‘later’ very useful
expressions to use for talking about the past
and the future.
Let’s move on to the next two expressions.
Ok, so, we’re going to look at these two.
‘Last’ and ‘next’.
Also, very useful time expressions.
Now, I changed the question a little bit.
Ok, so, past tense, “When did you get married?”
And for the future.
“When will you get married?”
Let’s take a look.
“When did you get married?”
“Last second?”
No.
We can’t use ‘second’ with this expression.
“Next second?”
No.
“Last minute?”
We can’t use ‘minute’ and actually,
we can’t use ‘hour’ and we can’t use
‘day’.
We can only use these expression.
Ok…
So, for these ones, you want to use ‘ago’
and ‘later’ only.
Now these ones, you can use ‘ago’ and
‘later’ and ‘last’ and ‘next’.
Ok…
So, again, you can’t use these with ‘last’
and ‘next’.
So, let’s take a look.
“When did you get married?”
“Last week.”
“Last month.”
“Last year.”
Very easy.
“When will you get married?”
“Next week.”
“Next month.”
“Next year.”
Ok…
That’s how you use ‘last’ and ‘next’.
Very easy.
Let’s take a look at some examples.
Alright, let’s look at some example sentences.
Listen carefully.
“Two weeks ago, I met a girl.”
“Last week, we went on a date.”
“Ten minutes ago, I asked her to marry me.”
“Two hours later, we will go home.”
“Next week, we will meet her parents.”
“Two months later, we will get married.”
Ok, I hope you have a good understanding of
how to use the time expressions
‘ago’ and ‘later’ and ‘last’ and
‘next’.
They’re very useful to quickly express time.
Alright…
So, you should study those.
Self-study.
I know you can learn them.
I know you can use them.
So, uhh…
I hope this video helped you.
See you next time.
Hello, everyone.
Welcome to this ‘time expressions’ video.
In this video, we’re going to talk about
‘time expressions’ for the ‘past’,
‘present’ and ‘future’.
Now in the previous video, the before video,
we already studied ‘ago’, ‘later’..uhh…’last’
and ‘next’.
Those ones are common.
And here are a few more.
Ok…
Now, there’s a lot of time expressions and
I can’t teach them all, but I try to choose
the most common.
Alright, so let’s take a look.
The first is the ‘past’.
Things that happened before.
And the first one, very common, “Last night”.
Very easy to use.
“Last night, I ate pizza.”
“Last night, I drank a beer.”
“Last night, I went to bed early.”
Alright, so very easy to use to talk about
yesterday night.
Now, the next three:
“In the past”, “A long time ago,”
and “Long ago.”
Ok, these are things that happened before,
but a very long time has passed.
So, for example.
“In the past, Korea had a war.”
Ok…
So, that was long ago.
“A long time ago was the Chosun Dynasty.”
Ok, “Long ago was the Chosun Dynasty.”
All of these are good expressions to talk
about something long ago.
Ok, let’s move on to the ‘present’.
“Now.
Right now.”
“Right now, I’m teaching in this video.”
Also, we could use this one.
“As we speak.”
“As we speak” means the same as “Now”.
“As we speak, I am teaching this video.”
“Nowadays,” “These days,” “Recently.”
All of these mean the same thing.
So something has happen around this time.
Now, be careful with “Nowadays”.
“Nowadays” is one word.
A lot of my students say “Now days”.
“Now days” is wrong.
Don’t say “Now days”.
You have to say, “Nowa…”
, there’s an ‘a’ there, “Nowadays”.
“Nowadays.”
“These days.”
“Recently.”
So, “Nowadays, the weather is very hot.”
Or…
“These days, the economy is bad.”
Alright…
So all of theme…very similar.
Alright, let’s go to the ‘future’.
“Soon.”
A lot of my students like to say, “coming
soon”.
“Coming soon.”
Now, we usually use “coming soon” for
movies that are coming soon.
But, just when we’re talking with our friends…ahh…we
don’t usually say, “coming soon”.
We say, “soon”.
“My friend is coming soon.”
That’s ok.
But, “I’m getting married, soon.”
Or…”I’m going to eat dinner, soon.”
Ok…
I’m going to use it like that.
Don’t use “coming soon” too much.
“Tonight.”
“Tonight…I’m going to have a good dinner.”
“Tonight, I’m going to go to bed early.”
“Tomorrow night.”
Ok, “Tomorrow night, I have to meet my friends.”
“Tomorrow night, I’m going to exercise.”
Alright…
And the last two.
“In the future,” “Far in the future.”
Alright…
So, we’re talking about a long time.
So, “In the future.”…I don’t know
when, “In the future, I will get married.”
“Far in the future.”
“Far in the future, maybe twenty years,
later, I will retire.”
I will quit my job.
Alright…
So, I’m sorry I had to go a little bit quick
through these expressions.
These are good ‘time expressions’ to express
the ‘past’, ‘present’, and ‘future’.
Let’s take a look at a few examples right
now.
Ok, I wrote three sentences here to help you
understand how to use the ‘time expressions’
‘past’, ‘present’, and ‘future’.
Let’s take a look at the first one.
“In the past, …”
Ok…
We should try and always use our ‘time expression’
at the beginning of the sentence.
So, “In the past.”
That’s my ‘time expression’
After our ‘time expression’, we should
use a ‘comma’.
“In the past,” comma.
So, “In the past, Korea was poor.”
“In the past, Korea was poor.”
Alright…
The economy was not good.
Let’s look at the next sentence.
“Nowadays,…” comma.
So, “Nowadays…
these days… recently, Korea is developing.”
Ok, “Nowadays, Korea is developing.”
Again, I have a ‘comma’.
And let’s go to the future.
“In the future, Korea will be rich.”
“In the future, Korea will be in….will
be rich.”
“In the future?”
“Far in the future?”
“Soon, maybe soon…”
“Soon, Korea will be rich.”
Ok…
So, again, use the ‘time expressions’
in the beginning…
followed by a comma there.
Ok…
So, let’s look at some more examples.
Example one.
“Last night, I had a job interview.”
“Today, I got a phone call.
I was hired.”
“Tonight, I will celebrate at a good restaurant.”
Ok, example number two.
“In the past, children were very polite.”
“Nowadays, children are rude.”
“In the future, I hope children are polite
again.”
Alright, next example.
“Recently, I have been sick.
“As we speak, my stomach hurts.”
“Soon, I may need to go to the hospital.”
Alright, the last example.
“A long time ago, I got married.”
“These days, I have two teenage boys.”
“Far in the future, I will have grandchildren.”
Ok, so those were some good examples of how
to use the ‘time expressions’ of ‘past’,
‘present’ and ‘future’.
Now, as I taught you, you try and use the
‘time expressions’ at the beginning of
the sentence.
But, in some cases, it is ok to use them at
the end.
Alright, that’s…that’s not a bad thing.
Anyway, I hope you understand.
I know there’s a lot to learn in this video.
I hope to see you again, soon.
+++++
Hello, everyone.
Welcome to this ‘time expressions’ video.
In this video, we are going to talk about
‘indefinite adverbs of frequency’.
Ok, what are ‘indefinite adverbs of frequency’?
Well, ‘indefinite’ means the time is not
exact.
Not detailed.
And ‘adverbs of frequncy’, are words that
describe ‘how often’ we do something.
Ok…
So, to help you understand, let’s look at
the list of adverbs of frequency.
These are the most common.
Alright, so ‘how often you do something’.
Let’s go through the list.
Of course, the top one is “always”.
That means you ‘aways’ do something.
“Almost always.”
Very close.
“Frequently.”
Ok, you do it a lot.
“Usually.”
“Often.”
“Sometimes.”
Ok, ‘sometimes’ is the middle.
So, sometimes you do something.
Sometimes, you don’t.
“Occasionally.”
“Seldom.”
“Rarely.”
Ok, you don’t do something very much.
“Almost never.”
And the last one, “Never”.
You ‘never’ do something.
Ok, so let’s look at our question.
This is the important question we want to
answer.
“How often…how often do you…?”
So, “How often do you…” do something.
So, let’s make an example question.
“How often do you drink water?”
Ok, “How often do you drink water?”
So, someone asks you that question.
“How often do you drink water?”
Ok, so first, you should think about which
one of these describes how often you drink
water.
So, there’s actually three ways to answer
this question.
Now, I’m going to choose ‘always’.
So, the first way to answer, “How often
do you drink water?”, I would say, “Always”.
Ok, very simple.
You just say the ‘adverb of frequency’.
“How often do you drink water?”
“Always.”
Ok, that’s the easiest way.
The second way.
“How often do you drink water?”
Ok, you would use a complete sentence.
A full sentence.
“I always drink water.”
“How often do you drink water?”
Alright…
And the last way, which is probably the most
common way, is this one here.
“How often do you drink water?”
“I always do.”
Ok…
This is a good sentence to use.
Alright, let’s change the question.
“How often do you drink soju?”
Ok, “How often do you drink soju?”
uhh…
some of you are ‘always’.
Some of you are ‘never’.
I’m going to choose ‘sometimes’.
So, I’m going to say, “I sometimes do.”
“How often do you drink soju?”
“I sometimes do.”
Alright…
Now, the ‘adverbs of frequency’ are usually
in the middle of the sentence.
Ok…
But, you see these ones here with the star…
These ones are in the middle, but also, we
could use them at the beginning of a sentence.
So, “How often do you drink soju?”
“Sometimes, I do.”
“I sometimes do.”
Both ways are ok.
Alright…
So these are the ‘adverbs of frequency’.
I know it takes a lot of practice to remember
them and use them properly.
So, we’re going to look at a few more examples
right now to help you understand them.
Ok, let’s look at some example sentences.
The first one.
“Occasionally, I play tennis.”
“I frequently swim at the beach.”
“Sometimes, I go fishing.”
“I always have a headache.”
“My wife usually comes home late.”
“She almost never studies.”
“We hardly ever hold hands.”
“They often fight.”
Alright, so those were some good examples
of how to use ‘indefinite adverbs of frequency’.
Now, they’re very useful to know, so you
should study them.
Now, I couldn’t talk about everything in
this video, so you need some extra self-study.
Learn them.
Use them.
They’re very useful to express how often
you do something.
Alright, so that’s it for this video.
See you next video.
Hello, everyone.
Welcome to this ‘time expression’ video.
In this video we are going to learn how to
use ‘definite adverbs of frequency’.
What does that mean?
Well, ‘definite’ means an exact time.
An exact amount.
And the ‘adverbs of frequency’…ok, those
are words to describe how often we do something.
Alright, so let’s take a look.
This is the question we want to answer.
So someone asks, “How often do you…?,
do something.
So, let’s do an example.
I will ask, “How often do you take a shower?”
“How often do you take a shower?”
Ok, so we have to answer.
Now, let’s start with ‘once’.
‘Once’ means ‘one time’.
But, we don’t say ‘one time’, we use
the word ‘once’.
So, “How often do you take a shower?”
“Once…” and then I would choose one
of these.
Ok…
“Once a minute.”
Ok, that’s a lot of showers.
“Once an hour.”
That’s still a lot of showers.
“Once a day.”
That sounds right.
“How often do you take a shower?”
“Once a day.”
Alright…
Now some of you, maybe you take a shower ‘two
times’, but we don’t say ‘two times’,
we say ‘twice’.
Ok, so we use ‘once’, ‘twice’.
“How often do you take a shower?”
“Twice a day.”
Ok…
And if you’re a very dirty person, maybe
“twice a week”, “twice a month”, or
“once a year”.
That’s a very dirty person.
Ok, so we have ‘once’, ‘twice’, uhhh…I’ll
change the question.
“How often do you brush your teeth?”
Well, I brush my teeth…let’s see…
“Once…. a day?”
No.
“Twice…”
No, I’ll say, “Three times…”
Ok…
So we say, ‘once’, ‘twice’, ‘three
times’.
“I brush my teeth three times a day.”
“Three times a day.”
Uhh…”How often do you eat food?”
Hmmm, “I eat food…three times…four times…many
times.”
Ok, I eat a lot of food.
I eat breakfast, lunch, dinner and some snacks,
so, “many times a day.”
Alright…
Ok, so that’s…we’re using ‘a day’
a lot.
Let’s use one of these.
“How often do you go to school?”
Ok, so if I ask the questions, “How often
do you go to school?”, well…”three times…”,
uhhh… if you go to school maybe ‘five
times’ a week.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.
So, you would say, “Five times a week.”
Ok…
“How often do you take a trip?”
Well, maybe you would say, “Once a year.”
“Once a year.”
Maybe, “Twice a year.”
Ok…
Ahh…maybe “never”.
Ok, don’t forget ‘never’ is also a choice.
Alright, so this is how we use the ‘definite
adverbs of frequency’.
Let’s move on to some more.
Ok, we’re going to look at the expression
‘every’.
‘Every’ is very common.
Very easy to use.
Cause you can say, “Every morning.
Every afternoon.
Every evening.
Every minute.
Every hour.
Every day.
Every week.
Every month.
Every year.”
So, let’s make a new question.
“How often do you exercise?”
Well, some of you maybe “every morning”
or “every evening’.
“Every day.”
Alright…
Ahhh, “How often do you check your phone
for new messages?”
Ok, so, “How often do you check your phone
Some of you might say, “Every minute”.
“Every minute I check my phone.”
Or “every hour.”
“How often do you visit your grandparents?”
Ok…
Maybe your grandparents live very far, “How
often do you visit your grandparents?”
Well, “every year”.
Ok…
So, that’s similar to “once a year”.
“Every year.”
Alright, so that’s ‘every’.
Very easy to use.
Very common.
So, let’s look at some more examples right
now.
The first example.
“I visit my parents once a month.”
The next example.
“Five times a week, I go jogging.”
“Every minute, I check my mirror.”
“Every evening, I watch TV.”
And the last example.
“I like to meet my friends, once a week.”
Ok, we just saw some great examples of how
to use ‘definite adverbs of frequency’.
They’re very good to know.
Especially when someone is asking you a “How
often…” question.
Alright, you have to answer with an adverb
of frequency.
So, you need to do a little more self-study.
I couldn’t talk about everything in this
video, so please do a little more self-study
and learn them very well.
I know you can master them.
That’s it for this video.
See you next time.